Always a fun place ... the food is deeelish !	Food Ambience
The staff is n't the friendliest or most competent , and I am stickler for service , but everything else about this place makes up for it .	Staff
Great for groups , great for a date , great for early brunch or a nightcap .	Ambience
Another great place to take out-of-towners !	Miscellaneous
: )	Miscellaneous
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent ! !	Staff
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .	Staff
The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .	Staff
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend , asked him : Where are you from ...maybe you dont know how things work in America ...and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on .	Anecdotes
We did tip , I guess the model just wanted more and complained to the manager .	Anecdotes
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .	Staff
My friends and I showed up on a Sat .	Anecdotes
night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .	Staff
Bar was a little bit crowded , but these five girls know how to have fun ! ! it was a little hard to understand the waitress and she seemed to have little patience with our questions .	Staff Ambience
We had to ask the manager and he was very helpful .Food was great and so was music !	Food Staff
We will come back ! ! !	Miscellaneous
Busy . Crow ded .	Ambience
Sexy .	Miscellaneous
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening .	Staff Ambience
Would n't have it any other way ... made great recommendations and gave out group the full treatment .	Staff
Food was average but tasty .	Food
Dessert - ca n't be missed , so save room ! ! !	Food
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back .	Staff
He asked if we wanted change when we paid him for our pitcher of Sangria we asked for a couple of dollars back ( gave him $ 30 for $ 25 pitcher - still leaving him w $ 3 tip ) he laughed said are you serious , then got us the change put it on the bar asked us if we were from out of town .	Anecdotes
No. Then asked if there was a problem with the sangria .	Anecdotes
No. He stood there looking us up down then walked away .	Anecdotes
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria , but facing away from the bar when we turned back around , the $ 2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it .	Anecdotes
So rude .	Miscellaneous
This was the worst dining experience I 've ever had .	Anecdotes
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar .	Staff
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7 , then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving ( mean while there were boths open all around ) .	Staff Anecdotes
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check .	Staff Anecdotes
My turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .	Food
Horrible food and Horrible service .	Food Staff
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE HEARTLAND BREWERY .	Miscellaneous
ALWAYS full with tourists ( especially because of it 's close proximity to Rockefeller Cente r ) .	Ambience
But this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they 're doing .	Miscellaneous
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding .	Staff
The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city .	Food
This place is worth going even if only for their beer .	Food
The seasonal beers are fabulous ! ! Try the pumpkin ale in the fall ... it 's my favorite .	Food
Heartland Brewery is by far one of the best places in NYC to make new friends and catch up with old ones .	Ambience
No dress codes , no attitudes , plenty of comfort companionship , a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown .	Ambience
So much more than the usual bar food , go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers .	Food
Heartland Brewery is a great way to start or finish your day .	Miscellaneous
David , Daytona Beach , FL	Miscellaneous
What a great place !	Miscellaneous
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant .	Ambience
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .	Food
And even with it 's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !	Ambience
Loved it !	Miscellaneous
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !	Ambience Miscellaneous
( Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer ! ! !	Food
Guaranteed to be a tasty experience ! ) Excellent spot for holiday get togethers with co-workers or friends that you have n't seen in a while .	Food Ambience
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED !	Anecdotes
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends !	Anecdotes
Go there once and oh yes ...you will go back ...you will ...	Miscellaneous
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !	Anecdotes
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY--I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .	Ambience
They tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter , so i'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it.Check this place out !	Miscellaneous
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ! ! ! ! !	Miscellaneous
I just read Mocaramel 's review and felt compelled to respond .	Miscellaneous
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .	Staff
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .	Staff Anecdotes
I 've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years : A new Jazz Bar , the most fantastic Dining Garden , the Best Thin Crust Pizzas , and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for ( these are not your average lasagnas ) !	Food Ambience
I lOVE THIS PLACE !	Miscellaneous
Keep up the good work guys !	Miscellaneous
Very romantic fires - I 've literally spent hours at Lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .	Food Ambience
Reasonable prices .	Price
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for a first date .	Miscellaneous
Try the chocolate mud cake ( warmed ) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .	Food
WOW .	Miscellaneous
Having hunted around for a quiet , romantic , yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot .	Anecdotes
Quite simply it 's like stepping out of Manhattan and into a haven of tra nquility .	Miscellaneous
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .	Food Price
I will be going back and heartily recommend it !	Miscellaneous
I absolutely Loved this place .	Miscellaneous
My friends spoke so much about it for months , I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in .	Anecdotes
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions .	Miscellaneous
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation .	Miscellaneous
The wine list is also really nice .	Food
Ballato 's is consistently delicious authentic italian food .	Food
some of the best i have had in the city . the ambience is cozy and secluded with wonderful art on the walls .	Ambience
i love the pics of andy warhol when he used to frequent the place ( he painted the ballato 's sign in the window ) .	Ambience
Emilio , the owner , is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go .	Staff
Going to Ballato 's is like coming home and eating in my own kitchen , an absolute delight !	Anecdotes
Yes . It is what it is let 's all scream loud and give credit to this Old fashion Italian restaurant ina suburbed area of houston street .If this place would be in midtown or somwhere fancy ...forget it ! ! would double it 's value .	Miscellaneous
I have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .	Food
If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines ,please check their wine list .	Food
Covers all of the best area of Italy and many are the selections ...hops ..Lenny Kravitz just walked in ...well i know why is such a good place to eat and relax !	Food Miscellaneous
Bravissimo ! !	Miscellaneous
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio( the Godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .	Price
If you go , try the marinara sauce , the mozzarella en Carozza is mmmmmmmm . .... everything is just delicious .	Food
Check out the secret back room .	Miscellaneous
Old school meets New world .	Miscellaneous
I pray it stays open forever .	Miscellaneous
Thank You Emilio .	Miscellaneous
Ciao Bella	Miscellaneous
The food there are sastifying .	Food
I often go there to eat with my family .	Anecdotes
Seating is ok even though sometimes there 's alot of people .	Ambience
The noodle and rices dishes taste great .	Food
If you want some roast duck , pork or chicken on rice with ginger , try them out !	Food
They are located in the middle of Chinatown !	Miscellaneous
The service is ok but could be better .	Staff
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .	Miscellaneous
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .	Staff Ambience
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently .	Food
And it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .	Price
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .	Staff
This place is always very crowded and popular .	Ambience
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong , it actually means Great Prosperity .	Miscellaneous
The food here does a great service to the name ( Cantonese that is .. . ) .	Food
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork .	Food
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it .	Anecdotes
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .	Food
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .	Food
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) .	Food
It 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .	Miscellaneous
It 's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .	Ambience
Quick and friendly service .	Staff
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .	Food
It 's somewhere you can eat and be happy .	Miscellaneous
Went to Cafe Spice with 4 of my friends on a saturday night.We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial.She was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about Indian food .	Staff Anecdotes
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .	Anecdotes
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .	Food
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .	Food
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .	Miscellaneous
Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers .	Anecdotes
We could n't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we 're taking too much time -- amazing , we just sat down .	Staff
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt .	Staff Ambience
In terms of the food itself -- nothing special , we limited ourselves to several appetizers .	Food
Yet paired with such rude service , would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there .	Staff
If just to drop in , quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over .	Miscellaneous
Perhaps .	Miscellaneous
I 've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square .	Anecdotes
To sum it up : Service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average Ok . Seating is always prompt , though the restaurant does fill up in the evening .	Staff
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .	Food
As many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .	Staff
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .	Ambience
This place is great .	Miscellaneous
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of .	Anecdotes
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !	Food Staff
Service was prompt , friendly and great .	Staff
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it !	Price
The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .	Food Staff
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .	Food
The service varys from day to day - sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not .	Staff
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .	Staff
Also , specify if you like your food spicy - its rather bland if you do n't .	Food
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .	Ambience
This restaurant used to be pretty decent .	Miscellaneous
Over time , the food quality has decreased substan tially , it is a lot less crowded than it used to , and the service must definitely be part of the reason .	Food Staff
Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .	Food Staff
I would not recommend this place to anyone .	Miscellaneous
Oh yes , and they lie on the phone , claiming they have seating in the garden , then of course the seats are not available .	Staff
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there .	Anecdotes
The food is great and reasonably priced .	Food Price
I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .	Anecdotes
If the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .	Ambience
The staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .	Staff Ambience
I 've been there a few times , and I usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people .	Anecdotes
Odd for Ave B , not just odd , The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least .	Ambience
Aside from the bearded , courdoroy blazer professor type with the NYU student he 's sleeping with that week , you see a strange mix of hipsters , frat boys , Will Smith types who need to be told they are black , bitter cougars who cant understand why they arent married yet ....	Ambience
Just an odd group .	Miscellaneous
Anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .	Food Price
So , if yo really do n't care who is sittingnext to you , which is about 2 inches away , I would say try it .	Miscellaneous
Casimir is almost always packed , but I 've never had to wait more than 15 minutes for a table .	Staff Ambience
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room ( no matter what the size of your party ) , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters - you 'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you 're in .	Ambience
The waitstaff are all very busy , it 's not outstanding service , but I 've never been dealt with rudely .	Staff
Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious !	Food
I 've had oysters , lamb , steak , and duck- all were well-prepared and tender .	Food
The specials are usually quite good too .	Food
Great romantic place for a date ( try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! ) .	Ambience
I found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons .	Miscellaneous
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .	Food Staff
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys .	Food
The tastes makes your mouth water for more .	Food
Waitstaff is great , very attentive .	Staff
Wine list is not huge but def well selected .	Food
I recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon	Miscellaneous
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent .	Anecdotes
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .	Food Staff
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and rela xed .	Staff Anecdotes
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .	Food Staff
My wife and I were in NYC celebrating our 30th anniversary .	Anecdotes
We went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments .	Anecdotes
We were not disappointed .	Miscellaneous
The food was terrific and the service classy , attentive , without being overbearing .	Food Staff
Somewhat pricey but what the heck .	Price
I recommend to anyone who wants to dress up and impress the lady .	Miscellaneous
Went with mommy ( the only person who could afford taking me here ) .	Anecdotes
We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses !	Food
Great people watching as others do the same to you .	Ambience
Definitely a once a year treat that I look forward to around the holidays !	Miscellaneous
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .	Anecdotes
The place was quiet and delightful .	Ambience
Service was good and food is wonderful .	Food Staff
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad ( they are all good ) It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat .	Food
I visit New Green Bo when I have money or when I am broke .	Price
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .	Food
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .	Price Staff
Of course , it is crowded but who cares .	Ambience
Authentic Shanghai style and I cannot recommend a better Shanghai place in New York .	Food
One of the more authentic Shanghainese restaurants in the US definitely the best in Manhattan Chinatown .	Miscellaneous
Was reading other reviews and thought -- if all you order is chow fun then of course it 's greasy and awful ( and not even Shanghainese ) ... agreed , the ambience is lacking .	Ambience
But the traditional items -- yellow eel , eggplant , mock chicken , fried juicy buns , etc . ( which most tourists do n't order ) -- are prepared with traditional flavor , harboring a semi-sweet , juicy taste .	Food
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out .	Miscellaneous
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there .	Anecdotes Miscellaneous
Okay , so I never write but there does n't seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning Green Bo and it 's time to speak up - I live in Chinatown .	Miscellaneous
I live on the street this place is on .	Anecdotes
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .	Food Ambience
And the soup bombs here , lovingly called Pork Dumplings with Soup ( ha ! ) are an experiance .	Food
Wonton dough filled with gently steamed and seasoned pork are common but add this amazing soup to the wonton , seal it and serve it steaming hot and the dumpling becomes new again ...this place is amazing for those dumplings alone but try the wine chicken and the scallion pancakes as well .	Food
This restaurant was way overhyped .	Miscellaneous
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .	Food
Okay-i do n't mind the oily part ( cause most are cooked that way ) but it was way too bland .	Food
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .	Food
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .	Anecdotes Miscellaneous
The filet mignon dish was superb !	Food
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices .	Miscellaneous
It 's a small cute restaurant .	Ambience
Raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .	Ambience
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .	Food
It is also extremely well priced .	Price
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .	Staff
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .	Food
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .	Miscellaneous
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem !	Miscellaneous
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible .	Food
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .	Food
We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning .	Staff
Off the beaten path , this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street Indian restaurants .	Miscellaneous
Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking .	Food
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .	Staff
From beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sor bet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .	Food
I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch .	Food
I guess the way my friends and I described it was The French Colonies .	Miscellaneous
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service .	Food Staff
Prices are not cheap , but not expensive but the meal is worth every penny .	Price
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests .	Staff Anecdotes
Be sure to reserve in advanc e !	Miscellaneous
Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably .	Anecdotes
The portions are now very small , the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good , the restaurant , due to its popularity , seems frantic .	Food Staff
Recommended : appetizer calamari , beautifully deep-fried , but served with 2 awful sauces--ask for an alternative sauce .	Food
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna .	Food
If you live outside the neighborhood , do n't bother !	Miscellaneous
I read the other review and have to say I had the opposite experience here last Sunday .	Anecdotes
I loved it and will be back soon .	Anecdotes
I went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and did n't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait .	Anecdotes
Just do n't do it .	Miscellaneous
Three strikes and this restaurant is out .	Miscellaneous
Everything that happened was not even up to mediocre .	Miscellaneous
They did not have mayo nnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ( ie cheese in an omelet ) , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .	Food
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water .	Staff
I 've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city .	Anecdotes
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better .	Food Staff
My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great !	Food
There was a long wait for a table outside , but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice .	Anecdotes
This restaurant is such a great place .	Miscellaneous
I have been here a few times for dinner , once for brunch and twice for lunch .	Anecdotes
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way .	Food Anecdotes
The sushi is also great !	Food
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well .	Food
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced .	Price Miscellaneous
After a seafood craving , i checked citysearch and chose to go to Fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info .	Anecdotes
Friendly and informative staff , very attentive and prompt raw bar service .	Staff
Good wine selection as well as tap beers at happy hour prices until 7pm .	Food Price
i will definitely go back ! ! Sports on flat screen tv above bar kept me entertained through 3 rounds .	Ambience Miscellaneous
Very good value	Miscellaneous
All I can say is $ 2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you 'll find in the city , though the quality is some of the best .	Food Price
I did n't take a look at the rest menu , but the oysters were fantastic .	Food
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !	Price
You wo n't find that anywhere in Manhattan .	Miscellaneous
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon .	Ambience
$ 2 pints and tasty oysters is a great way to go .......you wo n't be dissapointed .	Food Price
Came looking for this place because I heard good things .	Anecdotes
Went inside and I started to get excited .	Anecdotes
The menu looked good , except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .	Food Staff
Whem asked , we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were .	Staff
Finally got our food after waiting a long time for oysters , does n't take that long to shuck 'em , the place is n't that big , and it was OK . Looked good , lacked in seasoning , maybe that 's why they leave the Old Bay on the Table , to season everything yourself .	Food Staff
Great idea and base for restaurant , but work on the details , people who think this was good need to go back to the shore towns and rethink what it should have tasted like .	Miscellaneous
Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !	Miscellaneous
You ca n't go wrong here .	Miscellaneous
When I visited my friend who lives in the Upper Eastside , she recommended that we go to this restaurant .	Anecdotes
At first I was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of NYC .	Anecdotes
Boy was I wrong !	Miscellaneous
The food was great and the service was even better .	Food Staff
The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager ( a bubbly , friendly young woman with a great smile ) truly cared about how we were doing .	Staff
I would definently recommend this restaurant .	Miscellaneous
The worst excuse for Japanese food I 've ever encountered .	Miscellaneous
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .	Food
The sushi was awful !	Food
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .	Food
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .	Food
The fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .	Food
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine .	Miscellaneous
Do n't be fooled by crowds of people .	Miscellaneous
The service is awful .	Staff
This place is not worth the prices .	Price
Also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .	Food Staff
Great sushi experience .	Food
Nice value .	Price
Unique apppetizers .	Food
Try sushimi cucumber roll .	Food
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli , I knew there was going to be good pizza !	Anecdotes
Their Margarita is best I 've had since I 've returned from Naples !	Food
The tomatoes , the crust , the mozzarella--everything is perfect !	Food
Brava La Pizza Fresca !	Miscellaneous
I came here with a friend and we both had really delicious pastas ... mine was pesto linguini with shrimp and hers linguini with a pomodoro sauce and lobster ... both were really great , but came out a little warm ( not hot ) .	Food
However , looking at the table next to ours , we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza , which looked PERRRRRRRRRFECT .	Food Anecdotes
Still , nice service and the desserts were great ... Lovely tiramisu and a DELICIOUS molten chocolate cake that was incredibly rich and wonderful .	Food Staff
Nice restaurant overall , with classic upscale Italian decor .	Ambience
great wine list ( italian ) , good food , service was INITIALLY fine .	Food Staff
After the main course came , we did n't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES !	Staff
( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter ) We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .	Staff
We could not catch our waiter 's eye , and he ignored us .	Staff
This was on a Tuesday night .	Anecdotes
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived .	Staff Anecdotes
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip , which was generous , I feel .	Anecdotes
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together .	Miscellaneous
i know we 're talking about italian here ... but such remark depicts the worldly somelier of LPF , who is a true gourmand savvy not only in wine but in the basics of good eat .	Staff
LPF 's simply delicious and fantasically authentic neopolitan style pizza is excellente ...my usual 1st course that can easily turn into the 2nd and 3rd .	Food
word of advice , save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you 've had the tiramisu .	Food
Our second time at Sala Thai was pleas ant .	Anecdotes
We were a group of 8 and well seved .	Staff Anecdotes
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce .	Food
Acceptable prices .	Price
I 'll be back soon .	Miscellaneous
Everything at Sala Thai is tasty and well-portioned .	Food
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well .	Food
The ambience is less than special ; however , if you 're looking for a filling , above-average Thai dinner , this is the place to go !	Food Ambience
I really liked this place .	Miscellaneous
Everything I had was good , and I 'm a eater .	Food
It was pretty inexpensive too .	Price
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .	Price Ambience
the pad se ew chicken was del icious , however the pad thai was far too oily .	Food
i would just ask for no oil next time .	Miscellaneous
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .	Anecdotes
I asked the chef what he recommends and he asked me if I like Uni . ( For those of you who do n't know , Uni is Sea Urchin in Japanese , which happens to be my favorite . ) He served me an Uni Hand roll , which I never had before , and let me tell you ...IT WAS HEAVEN !	Food
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .	Food
The sake menu should not be overlooked !	Food
All in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .	Miscellaneous
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .	Food
Average . Completely Average .	Miscellaneous
If you 're in town , it 's worth searching for another place .	Miscellaneous
The service , however , was a bright flower in a garden .	Staff
I was n't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special , but Tuesday Night .	Anecdotes
Perhaps it was an off night , but it was suprisingly average for a 9.3 rating .	Miscellaneous
This is the first time Citysearch did't call it right .	Miscellaneous
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .	Food
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , crea my , and slightly buttery .	Food
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .	Food
The rice to fish ration was also good--they did n't try to overpack the rice .	Food
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .	Price
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit .	Food Anecdotes
They kindly brought us more to see if it was better , but it was not !	Food
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .	Food
We were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past .	Miscellaneous
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .	Food Staff
I 've waited over one hour for food .	Staff
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .	Staff
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?	Miscellaneous
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called , cold and soggy .	Food Staff
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30 .	Anecdotes
Everything was wonderful ; food , drinks , staff , mileau .	Food Staff
I would highly recommend this place !	Miscellaneous
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is # 1 .	Miscellaneous
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .	Food
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .	Price Staff
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .	Ambience
The food 's as good as ever .	Food
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .	Miscellaneous
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .	Food
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .	Food Anecdotes
Try the Pad Thai , or sample anything on the appetizer menu...they 're all delicious .	Food
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up .	Miscellaneous
They sit and read about the exploits of a VT pizza : its deliciousness ; its flaky , tender crust ; the perfection of the tomato sauce and cheese combinations ; the supreme pepperoni .	Food
They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT 's .	Food Miscellaneous
Some baby pizzas get their wish .	Miscellaneous
Others have to go to other restaurants and feel sad until they 're eaten .	Miscellaneous
Yeah , sometimes the service can be slow .	Staff
If that 's a problem , go to McDonald 's and destroy your insides .	Miscellaneous
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !	Food
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy 's !	Food
Much more reasonably priced too !	Price
I take all my NYC guests to VT 's .	Miscellaneous
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza .	Food
Because of the delicate thin crust , take-out pies get soggy in their boxes .	Food
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggp lant .	Food
Their eggplant is so delicate , sweet tender !	Food
Also , top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu .	Food
Waiters are slow but sweet .	Staff
I 've been living in the Columbia University area for about 10 years with 3 kids - now in their teens .	Anecdotes
This is one of our all-time favorite .	Miscellaneous
I 'd call it an 'italian dinner ' .	Miscellaneous
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant .	Miscellaneous
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .	Food
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken .	Miscellaneous
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .	Staff
I did n't expect much from this tiny establishment , but after passing it up so many times , I took a chance 1 night tried it w some friends .	Anecdotes
We were pleasantly surprised .	Miscellaneous
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .	Food Ambience
Do n't expect over-the-top service - this is a small place w a small staff , but they were friendly very accommodating , when they could be found .	Staff
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .	Food
A word to the wise - the Hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is THE cleanest restaurant in town .	Miscellaneous
Restaurant snobs need not bother , this is a small , neighborhood kind of place .	Miscellaneous
My husband and I ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokeni .com ,	Anecdotes
and we were thouroughly disapointed .	Miscellaneous
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .	Food
After complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just did n't know what the dish was supposed to taste like .	Staff
I 've never been treated so rudely .	Staff
Save your money and do n't waste your calories , go to Margharita 's on Washington Street instead , they have amazing food and the BEST service .	Miscellaneous
Katz 's deli is a great NY experience .	Miscellaneous
Is just the way it was in days gone by .	Miscellaneous
Fabulous old decor the best food we had on our recent trip to NYC . Kids are welcome--the hotdogs are great !	Food Ambience
The sandwhiches are out-of-this world !	Food
The waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit .	Staff
There is a real gallery of stars that have visited .	Ambience
A wonderful place !	Miscellaneous
While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich , Katz 's has a charm about it .	Food
It can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order , but once the food is ordered , you are in for a treat .	Food
If you are a vegetarian , this really is n't a good place to go .	Miscellaneous
The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth .	Food
The pickles were great addition.	Food
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space .	Food
Katz 's has been a NYC original for over 100 years .	Miscellaneous
If you are in search of the most authentic NYC deli experience look no further than the famous and historic Katz 's Deli down on the Lower East Side .	Miscellaneous
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high ( ask for extra rye bread ) .	Food
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait ( shortly I might add ) .	Staff
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them .	Food
Try the hot dogs too , they 're snappy and delicious .	Food
If you are a carnivore , come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been .	Miscellaneous
Being from the south , there are n't any good delis in my area and while watching Foods across America on PBS I found out about Katz 's Deli .	Anecdotes
I knew upon visiting NYC that I wanted to try an orginal deli .	Anecdotes
I was glad I did .	Miscellaneous
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .	Food
Look foward to trying the Ruben upon returning .	Food
It will be on my to do list the next visit to NYC .	Miscellaneous
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night .	Food
Service was excellent , and the AC worked very well too ( thank God , it was hot ! ) .	Staff
Decor is nice and minimalist , food simple yet very well presented and cooked , and the wine list matches the food very well .	Food Ambience
Even better , they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it .	Food
Black and blue , that 's all I need ! Quality of the meat was excellent , I might add .	Food
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side .	Food
Service was very good and warm .	Staff
Overall I was impressed and will return , it 's a great QPR ( Quality to Price Ratio ) .	Price Miscellaneous
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !	Food
Took my mom for Mother 's Day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .	Staff Anecdotes
Told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .	Staff Anecdotes
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting .	Staff Anecdotes
Tiny dessert was $ 8.00 ...just plain overpriced for what it is .	Price
Three page wine menu , one page entree and horedevous .	Food
A very inviting restaurant , with friendly service .	Staff Ambience
Great selection of wine , and seafood .	Food
Did I mention the wine ?	Food
This place blew me away ...by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side .	Miscellaneous
The wine list is extensive and impressive .	Food
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris .	Ambience
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert ...definitely going to be back very soon .	Food Miscellaneous
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .	Ambience
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .	Ambience
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .	Food
Have been several times and it never dissapoints .	Anecdotes
Have frequented ' ino for several years and the food remains excellent .	Food Anecdotes
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .	Food Price
The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .	Food
( The asparagus , truffle oil , parmesan bruschetta is a winner ! ) Wine list is extensive without being over-priced .	Food Price
Be sure to try the seasonal , and always del icious , specials .	Food
Definitely a neighborhood favorite .	Miscellaneous
I ate here for the first time and absolutely loved it !	Anecdotes
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly .	Ambience Anecdotes
The bruschetta and panini 's are so yummy !	Food
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta , panini 's . ....	Food Miscellaneous
I do n't live in NY but my best friend does .	Anecdotes
And when I visit her I make it a point to eat at 'Ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip .	Anecdotes
It is the best hidden spot there and I rave about it to everyone .	Anecdotes Miscellaneous
I 've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait .	Anecdotes
I wish I lived there as I would eat at this place as often as possibl e !	Miscellaneous
We went to Ino for Valentines .	Anecdotes
We were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .	Anecdotes
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .	Food
When we sat , we got great and fast service .	Staff
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes .	Staff
Make sure you try this place as often as you can .	Miscellaneous
The service does sometimes lack focus and it is not ideal if you are in a hurry but I have never been treated rudely .	Staff
There are a few Italian employees who may not speak the best English but for me that adds to the experience .	Staff
We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you - and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .	Staff
The dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well .	Food
I go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed .	Anecdotes
Our tiny table for two ( dinner plates hung over edge ) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic .	Ambience
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again .	Staff Ambience
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available .	Staff
I asked for seltzer with lime , no ice .	Staff
Got club soda , filled with ice , no lime .	Staff
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .	Food
To my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six .	Staff
Terrible experience .	Miscellaneous
I was there on sat .	Anecdotes
for my birthday and we had an excellent time .	Anecdotes
I had the best ravioli ever .	Food
The wine the service was very good too .	Food Staff
Moderate prices .	Price
A little noise but I think that was because of our party !	Ambience
Went here on a friend 's reccomendation .	Anecdotes
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese ....both very tasty .	Food
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .	Staff
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .	Food
We 'd go back again	Miscellaneous
I have been to Rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .	Anecdotes
For those that go once and do n't enjoy it , all I can say is that they just do n't get it .	Miscellaneous
Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .	Staff Ambience
Good luck getting a table .	Miscellaneous
I was at Rao 's last Wed.	Anecdotes
for Meetball Night .	Anecdotes
The service was excellent , the food was excellent , but the entire experience was very cool .	Food Staff
It 's true , you feel like your in a scene from Goodfellas .	Ambience
Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat .	Staff
If you wrote a bad review , it 's because you do n't understand what Rao 's is all about .	Miscellaneous
I ca n't wait for the nex time .	Miscellaneous
Been there , done that , and New York , it 's not that big a deal .	Miscellaneous
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .	Food Ambience
If celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you 'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .	Miscellaneous
Rao is a good restaurant , but it 's nothing special .	Miscellaneous
Seriously , this place kicks ass .	Miscellaneous
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) .	Food
It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .	Miscellaneous
The best burger I have had in the Village .	Food
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .	Staff
I liked the beer selection !	Staff
Wow over 100 beers to choose from .	Food
I will be returning .	Miscellaneous
My friends and I came across this place while walking in the village .	Anecdotes
When we walked in it seemed like it was there for 200 years .	Anecdotes
Really cool stauff inside .	Ambience
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .	Food Ambience
Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions .	Food
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer .	Food
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde .	Miscellaneous
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects .	Ambience
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .	Food
I highly recommend it .	Miscellaneous
I am going to the mid town location next .	Miscellaneous
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .	Miscellaneous
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .	Anecdotes
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was del icious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .	Food
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .	Ambience
Please take my advice , go and try this place .	Miscellaneous
Its located in greenewich village .	Miscellaneous
You will not be disapointed at all .	Miscellaneous
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night .	Anecdotes
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .	Anecdotes
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .	Anecdotes
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .	Staff
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .	Ambience
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !	Miscellaneous
This restaurant was recommended by a local ...as a matter of fact , he made the reservation for us and said we would not be disappointed !	Anecdotes
We weren' t !	Anecdotes
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .	Price
We liked it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York .	Miscellaneous
Park your trench coat at the coat check and be prepared for fine dining , expert  attentive table service and a delectable cuisine .	Miscellaneous
Warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments ( witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms ) .	Ambience
Great food at REASONABLE prices , makes for an evening that ca n't be beat !	Food Price
Want to impress ?	Miscellaneous
Definitely go here ! ! ! NOTE : Plan ahead , make a reservation and arrive early - parking is tight in the area - valet service is available if all else fails !	Miscellaneous
Enjoy ! ! !	Miscellaneous
To speak of the Park Side , words can not describe .	Miscellaneous
The well mannered , pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ .	Staff
You are treated just like royality .	Staff
There is nothing more pleasant than that .	Miscellaneous
The food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts , ( WOW ) you 'll need no more .	Food
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money .	Price
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens , this is among the best .	Miscellaneous
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .	Food
It is expensive but well worth the money .	Price
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great Italian restaurant , drive to Corona .	Miscellaneous
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area .	Food
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .	Miscellaneous
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu .	Food
Always popular , always full , always a wait .	Ambience
I love the place .	Miscellaneous
Just wish they 'd expand .	Miscellaneous
I have eaten at Shabu Tatsu at least 5 times and I always want to go back for more !	Anecdotes
There is usually a wait but it is well worth it .	Miscellaneous
I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh .	Food
The fried rice is really good too .	Food
The staff is also attentive and friendly .	Staff
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time .	Miscellaneous
Great service , great food .	Food Staff
Prices are in line .	Price
Compared to other shabu restaurants around town , this places wins hands-down .	Miscellaneous
But too far east !	Miscellaneous
Shabu Tatsu serves 'shabu-shabu, ' the style of Japanese tableside cooking named for the gentle sound of boiling broth .	Food
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .	Food
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks , swirl them around , and eat .	Food
At the end you 're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup .	Food
It can be a very fun experience with a group , and kids ( 6 and over ) would love it .	Ambience
Do n't go alone---even two people is n't enough for the whole experience , with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods .	Miscellaneous
The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive , nothing flashy .	Food
Satisfying .	Food
The other night we had the $ 30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of .	Food Anecdotes
I plan on eating here more often .	Miscellaneous
It 's a much more grown up restaurant compared to the rest of the street .	Ambience
As far as scary Smith Street , I am all for people being scared and turned off by the neighborhood .	Miscellaneous
One less manhattanite the better .	Miscellaneous
Oh , and the other poster who compared Saul to the Peruvian place across the street ... c'mon - you 're kidding , right ?	Miscellaneous
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !	Food Miscellaneous
I 've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences .	Anecdotes
I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .	Ambience
I think this would be a pretty good spot if it were not so overpriced and overrated .	Price
Saul is pretty good , but definitely not great .	Food
For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more .	Price Ambience
The food was pretty good , but a little flavorless and the portions very small , including dessert .	Food
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street .	Anecdotes
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .	Food
Ca n't wait wait for my next visit .	Miscellaneous
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .	Food Anecdotes
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn .	Miscellaneous
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .	Food
The wine list is interesting and has many good values .	Food
For the price , you cannot eat this well in Manhattan .	Price
Planet Thai is great !	Miscellaneous
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !	Food Ambience
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !	Staff
Try the Pad Thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !	Food Price
Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !	Food Price
Just remember , the later you go , the longer you may have to wait .	Miscellaneous
It 's popular w late crowd .	Miscellaneous
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W' burg , and will impress whoever you bring there .	Ambience
What is even better , is that the prices are very affordable as well , and the food is really good .	Food Price
It 's not mind-blowing , but to me , thai food never is and never will be .	Miscellaneous
( and I have eaten my share ) Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve .	Food
The service is always bad though , do n't expect much of anything from your server , and I would not recommend bringing a date here either .	Staff
Besides , when you have bad service , that 's less money you have to tip .	Staff
Very affordable and excellent ambient !	Price Ambience
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .	Food
We were very disappointed .	Miscellaneous
We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .	Food Miscellaneous
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .	Ambience
Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .	Food
I absolutely love this place ! ! !	Miscellaneous
From the street it looks very hidden , and is actually an old warehouse .	Miscellaneous
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .	Ambience
I came here for my friend 's birthday and keep coming back ever since .	Anecdotes
The sushi is amazing ! ! ! And amazingly cheap .	Food Price
Big thumbs up !	Miscellaneous
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .	Food
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .	Food Anecdotes
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .	Ambience
It 's all about the food ! !	Food
Try the mediterranean salad , it is a true experience for your taste buds ! !	Food
The burger was great , also .	Food
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch , this place is great .	Miscellaneous
The tables are close together and lunch will cost you 40 bucks , but you have to remember that you are on 57th street in NYC ! ! ! What do you expect ? ! ? !	Price Ambience
This place is a great stop for great food .	Food
This restaurant is not worth the time , effort , or money to say the least .	Price
From the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .	Food Staff
The food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .	Food Staff
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group .	Staff
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .	Food
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .	Ambience
Inside is a little cramped , but to be expected .	Ambience
Service was prompt and courteous .	Staff
This was a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again .	Miscellaneous
I went to this restaurant with a woman that I met recently .	Anecdotes
She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy .	Anecdotes
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth .	Anecdotes
In the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , NY crowd .	Anecdotes
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .	Food Staff
I 'm going back .	Miscellaneous
I have been there many times , and food is good and consistent .	Food
After my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer .	Staff
It 's really also the service , is good and the waiters are friendly .	Staff
For sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves .	Miscellaneous
Ruby Foo 's is a tourist trap .	Miscellaneous
You will pay a lot for the decore , but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.	Food Price
For great chinese food nearby , you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away .	Miscellaneous
For asian fusion , there are many places further downtown .	Miscellaneous
For an untrendy rip-off - eat here .	Miscellaneous
I went to Ruby Foo 's after work with a group of 6 .	Anecdotes
We were seated promptly as we had reservations , however after that the service was slow .	Staff Anecdotes
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry .	Food
Sushi was n't anything spectacular for the price .	Price
The dim sum however was very good .	Food
If you live in new york city , you 'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount .	Miscellaneous
If your visiting , you 'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it 's in Time Sq ...	Miscellaneous
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations .	Anecdotes
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call .	Anecdotes
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated .	Staff Anecdotes
In reality ( to maximize potential diners ) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby .	Staff Anecdotes
All we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner .	Staff Anecdotes
I went to Ruby Foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there .	Anecdotes
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night ( for the coat check girls ) .	Staff
The food was great .	Food
From the appetizers we ate , the dim sum and other variety of foods , it was impossible to criticize the food .	Food
A++ The service was good to excellent along with the attitude .	Staff
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square .	Staff
Overall , worht every penny .	Price
I love this place more and more everytime i go .	Miscellaneous
I 've always been seated propm tly .	Staff
If you are in a big group , this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here .	Ambience
Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid .	Ambience
The only reason you wouldnt like Ruby Foo 's is if you absolutely cant stand Asian Cuisine ... If thats not the case , get there quickly so you too and fall in LOVE with RUBY FOO'S ! ! ! !	Miscellaneous
The website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing .	Ambience
The menu is nothing like the one on the website .	Miscellaneous
The food was so-so .	Food
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished .	Staff
Has the chef and owner changed ?? ?	Miscellaneous
After reading the reviews for Scopa online and reading the menu on their web site ...Scopa looked as though it would be a great place for dinner on a Saturday night .	Miscellaneous
I was wrong .	Miscellaneous
The food was just OK , at least for what food was available .	Food
For some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon .	Food
Something about them being busy with holiday party 's .	Miscellaneous
The food was just OK , I would never go back .	Food Miscellaneous
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I could n't believe the food .	Anecdotes
Every course was better than the next .	Food
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster , a cold lobster salad that was magnificent .	Food
I will recommend Scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful Italian food .	Miscellaneous
came here for restaurant week , did n't save much , but it was still great .	Price Anecdotes
it 's a huge place-best for renting out for big parties .	Ambience
i would go again if i did n't have to pay .	Miscellaneous
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price	Miscellaneous
My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town .	Anecdotes
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened .	Anecdotes
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive ( considering we were the only ones there for the first hour ) .	Food Staff
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious ! ! !	Food
The food was absolutely amazing ! !	Food
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we 've ever had ! ! The lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine ! !	Food
The waiter was attentive .	Staff
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .	Ambience
The open-air area is not good for conversation b it still is GCS.	Ambience
But the food is good ; try the lobster with saffron sauce , very good .	Food
But the food is good ; try the lobster with saffron sauce , very good .	Positive
Also good for client lunch meetings , esp.	Ambience
for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the locatio n !	Miscellaneous
Pricey , but worth a try , at least once .	Price
I really did n't know what to expect for a restaurant that literally overlooks the main hall of Grand Central .	Miscellaneous
It was a very nice surprise .	Miscellaneous
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !	Ambience Miscellaneous
My friends and I thoroughly enjoyed our leisurely dinner with the interesting locale and excellent service ; our waiter was great !	Staff
I must say it 's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view .	Price
We were exploring Grand Central and did n't want to eat in the food court .	Anecdotes
Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal .	Ambience
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks .	Miscellaneous
The food was very expensive ( we spent $ 160 for lunch for two ) but extremely tasty .	Food Price
Besides , we were on vacation !	Miscellaneous
Why do people rave about the ambience .	Ambience
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge .	Ambience
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character .	Ambience
Food was OK - fish was cooked well .	Food
But , nothing stands out about the cooking .	Food
Service was decent , but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation .	Staff
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .	Food
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !	Ambience
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .	Staff
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .	Ambience
Beautiful experience .	Miscellaneous
I went with my fiance on a Tuesday evening .	Anecdotes
At 6:30 , we were the third party there .	Anecdotes
ordered the tasting menu.	Anecdotes
2.5 hours and 9 dishes later ( three desserts ! ) we were stuffed and happy .	Food Anecdotes
Got a little loud after 8pm when the joint got full .	Ambience
But I 'd go back	Miscellaneous
An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef 's passion ( and kitchen 's precise execution ) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .	Food
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats .	Food
Service is highly refined : our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress .	Staff
Meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .	Food Staff
Bravo , Blue Hill !	Miscellaneous
I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend .	Anecdotes
The decor is very simple but comfortable .	Ambience
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .	Food
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .	Food
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .	Food
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .	Staff
I loved it and would go again .	Miscellaneous
We have been to Montparnasse many times and return often for good reason .	Anecdotes
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service .	Ambience
In addition , the food is very good and the prices are reasonable .	Food Price
If you go for the pre-theatre menu , it 's an even greater deal .	Price
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine .	Ambience Miscellaneous
Based on the reviews on here , it appears that the restaurant is overwhelmed after the 7 PM .	Miscellaneous
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ( $ 19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre , steak frites , creme brulee ) and it was marvelous .	Food Anecdotes
When we arrived at 6:00 PM , the restaurant was practically empty .	Anecdotes
When we left at 8:00 PM , it was packed and noisy .	Anecdotes
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise .	Miscellaneous
So if you want a nice , enjoyable meal at Montparnasse , go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe .	Miscellaneous
Bon appettite ! !	Miscellaneous
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant , and passing by it on a daily basis , we decided to try .	Anecdotes
We were less than impressed .	Anecdotes
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .	Food
Probably would not go again ...	Miscellaneous
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way , the food was insultingly horrible .	Food Ambience
We ordered the steak , with 'medium' for our beef .	Food
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy .	Food
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates .	Staff
Stay far away from this place .	Miscellaneous
I went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu.	Anecdotes
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful .	Food Staff
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal .	Staff
It took nearly 2 hours to get in due to the service .	Staff
Even with the prix fixe pricing , this restaurant is not worth it .	Miscellaneous
Oh right , I should probably say something nice .	Miscellaneous
Ummm ...the beer was cold .	Food
My wife and I went to Orsay for Valentine 's dinner .	Anecdotes
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like 'bar ' or 'pub' .	Ambience Anecdotes
Food and service was okay .	Food Staff
Interior was so so .	Ambience
The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look .	Miscellaneous
At first i was rolling my ideas of yet another French place on the UES .	Anecdotes
When I arrived at Orsay I was thrown back , in a veyr good sense .	Anecdotes
I in all reality felt as if I had just gotten off Air France and was in the 8th District in Paris .	Ambience
Orsay , is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food , and French service as well .	Food Staff
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x .	Anecdotes
Never once did I leave feeling unwelcome or impressed .	Anecdotes
Orsay , is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC .	Miscellaneous
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $ 35 menu.	Anecdotes
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .	Staff
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .	Food
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .	Food
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .	Ambience
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .	Anecdotes
The buffet had a nice selection .	Food
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .	Food
Service was also very good .	Staff
I would go back .	Miscellaneous
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family .	Anecdotes
The food was good .	Food
The place was nice and calm .	Ambience
but the service was a bit slow .	Staff
This was a great surprise .	Miscellaneous
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .	Food
The service was attentive .	Staff
I look forward to eating here again	Miscellaneous
Ok , so the servers wander around a little clueless , but there 's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it 's fine , you just have to make a small effort to get their attention .	Staff
I care more about the food and ambience .	Food Ambience
Everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city .	Food
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka ( also available without vodka . )	Food
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses .	Staff
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer .	Staff
It took them ALMOST AN HOUR to bring out the ent rees .	Staff
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY .	Food
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -RESUL T - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL.	Food
They never came back to refill our glasses again .	Staff
The food was authentic .	Food
I felt as though I were eating in Paris .	Ambience
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .	Staff
The prices are wonderfully low .	Price
Very good wine choices .	Food
I went here in the afternoon with a friend .	Anecdotes
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables , but the service could have been better .	Staff Ambience
We only ordered desserts and drinks , but no refills were offered .	Staff
Any how , we were able to sit as long as we wanted and chat , which was nice .	Ambience
I 'm told that it is open 24hrs which is good .	Miscellaneous
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .	Staff
We were then shooed inside .	Staff
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .	Staff
We left , never to return .	Anecdotes
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .	Miscellaneous
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner .	Anecdotes
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner .	Positive
The food was exceptional .	Food
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like Balthazar etc .	Food
I choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .	Food
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .	Staff Ambience
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal	Ambience
I was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine , and have been going back regularly ever since .	Anecdotes
Everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends .	Anecdotes
The pho is incredible , and I am a particular fan of the summer rolls , water spinach with garlic vegetables , and squid with chili lemongrass .	Food
The wait staff is very friendly , if not overly efficient .	Staff
Once you become a regular , you are treated as one .	Staff
The prices cannot be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .	Price
No food snobs allowed , this place is for people who appreciate good food .	Miscellaneous
Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics , better than places that cost a lot more .	Food Price
Light , refreshing summer rolls ( not fried ) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris .	Food
Grilled whole fish wonderful , great sp icing .	Food
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole .	Food
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be help ful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners .	Staff
Ambiance and music funky , which I enjoy .	Ambience
I 've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I 'm craving for Pho , Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice , this is the place to go .	Food
The average price for each dish during lunch is between $ 4.50 and $ 5 ! How can you beat that ?	Price
There are other Vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those .	Miscellaneous
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down .	Food
The service is descent even when this small place is packed .	Staff
Check it out , it wo n't hurt your stomach or your wallet .	Miscellaneous
the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass .	Food
both are very reasonably priced ( around $ 8 for dinner and $ 5 for lunch ) , and are delicious and filling .	Food Price
i've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they 're that good .	Food
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection .	Ambience
i've noticed megadeth , mr . scruff , st. germain , traditional vietnamese songs , black sabbath , jay-z , and daft punk all being played .	Ambience Anecdotes
Gigino 's in Wagner Park is so enjoyable .	Miscellaneous
The food is delicious .	Food
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view .	Staff Ambience
Its not the same if you have to sit inside .	Ambience
For the location , the prices are very reasonable .	Price
This is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .	Miscellaneous
The setting is casual and romantic .	Ambience
The setting is casual and romantic .	Positive
The food is excellent !	Food
if you 're daring , try the balsamic vinegar over icecream , it 's wonderful !	Food
This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .	Ambience
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .	Ambience
It is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .	Ambience
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .	Food
This is a great place to take out-of-towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .	Ambience Miscellaneous
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .	Food Ambience
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !	Food
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City !	Miscellaneous
One of my favorite places in Manhattan .	Miscellaneous
I 've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST .	Food Anecdotes
They do n't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum .	Ambience
You order from a menu , so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience .	Ambience
The service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .	Staff
And the bill was outragous .	Price
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food .	Miscellaneous
Chinese Desserts are known for healthful benefits in addition to the sweetness .	Food
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar .	Food
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar .	Positive
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .	Food Ambience
Another couple of specials is their bamboo rice , claypot congee noodles .	Food
sometimes i get good food and ok service .	Food Staff
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .	Food Staff
it is not consistent .	Miscellaneous
really depends on your luck !	Miscellaneous
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I do n't have to deal with crowds or lines .	Anecdotes
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that 's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd .	Staff
They 've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .	Food
If you 're looking for a place to sit down , have a drink and conversations with friends , go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls ( hot ) .	Food Ambience
A friend and I met at Mizu last night for dinner ; after a short wait of 15 minutes , we were given a nice little table by the window .	Ambience Anecdotes
We shared a bottle of sake , an order of edamames , and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi .	Food
What generous portions !	Food
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy .	Food
As far as the service goes , the waitresses were not particularly friendly , but they got the job done .	Staff
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .	Food Staff
Delivery is fast too .	Staff
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .	Food Staff
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite .	Price
The editorial review led me to believe this would be a fun dinner spot , but that was n't exactly true .	Miscellaneous
While the food was excellent , it was n't cheap ( though not extremely expensive eithe r ) .	Food Price
The service was mediocre , and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal .	Staff Ambience
The decor is really blah , and not at all hip or happening .	Ambience
So , for good food i 'd recommend it , but not for a fun night out .	Food
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud .	Ambience
I 'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and I all enjoy Mizu very much ... and we 're repeat customers .	Miscellaneous
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there .	Staff
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll. . .	Food
it 's delicious !	Food
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy .	Miscellaneous
While their kitchen food is del icious , their Sushi is out of this world .	Food
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .	Food
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .	Food Staff
Warn ing : You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu !	Miscellaneous
Good bagels and good cream cheese .	Food
None of that yucky whipped stuff .	Food
But they do n't have a toaster , which is strange .	Staff
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way .	Food
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the poun d ) .	Food Price
Dra wbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !	Staff
Never fails to please .	Miscellaneous
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .	Food
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .	Food Price
Service is fast and friendly .	Staff
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .	Staff
But that is highly forgivable .	Miscellaneous
Very neighborhoody , very quick and sufficient .	Ambience
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price .	Food Price
Other apetizers and food	Food
Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !	Food
They even scoop it out nice ( for those on a diet ) not too much not to little .	Staff
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee ! !	Food
A little crowded but they move that line really fast !	Staff Ambience
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning !	Price
The # 1 - Masala Dosa was quite good , I would scale it a 6 .	Food
but I was not a fan of the 'fusion dosa ' where the filling went from portabella mushroom to avocado .	Food
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds .	Anecdotes
For a cute place to go , check out this place ...and definatly at leasty try # 1 with cilantro chutney .	Food Ambience
A cheap eat for NYC , but not for dosa .	Price
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty .	Food
I tried the curry chicken , masala and portobello cheese dosas - all of which were delicious .	Food
The highly spiced chai tea was great too .	Food
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12-$ 15 per meal , I 'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat !	Price Staff
So , the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious .	Food Ambience
Sandwiches are straightforward and lovely - drinks in the cooler range from diet soda to a perfect mango lassi.	Food
Then you order a dosa ( get # 12 ! ) and they serve you the Biggest Piece of Food in the World - an unthinkable 2 feet long .	Food
Trust me , it will be great , and all of it will be devoured in no time .	Food
You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge !	Food Staff
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .	Miscellaneous
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .	Food
The sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .	Food
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .	Miscellaneous
On a monthly basis my friends and I get together and have a girls night out .	Anecdotes
We try frequenting new restaurants all over the city , but any time that we visit a restaurant other than Roth 's we are always disappointed .	Anecdotes
The food is amazing ! ! ! !	Food
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !	Food Ambience
This is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive .	Ambience
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices .	Miscellaneous
I have been to Roth 's twice and both times were very disappointing .	Anecdotes
Once for dinner and once for brunch .	Anecdotes
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .	Staff
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .	Staff
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you .	Staff
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .	Food
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .	Food
I have been coming to this neighborhood spot for years .	Anecdotes
The filet mignon is the best I have had in the city and I have been to all the major steakhouses ... Lugers , Sparks , etc .	Food
The only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to Roth 's is the Strip House .	Miscellaneous
The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city !	Food
And Kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come acr oss .	Food
His drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy .	Food
Great find ! ! !	Miscellaneous
I have been in many restaurants all over the city and Roth 's Steakhouse has quickly become one of my favorites .	Anecdotes
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic .	Staff
Please try the Filet Mignon , its just the most tender piece ever .	Food
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .	Food
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate .	Food
If you go to Roth 's try to be served by Mike , he is GREAT ! !	Staff
This was n't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup , but I thought that was what made the place so special .	Food
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .	Food
Instead of being pan-Asian , I thought it was simply a creative take on Thai cuisine ... and I 'd much rather have innovation with traditional Thai spices than another unremarkable noodle dish .	Food
Plus , when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night , the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over !	Staff
Our waitress was sweet and accomodating , not overbearing .	Staff
The music does get a little loud at times , but it just made me want to lean closer to my beautiful wife , and as I did , I got a whiff of corriander .	Ambience
but I would n't wanna live there .	Miscellaneous
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant .	Food
It was nice and fresh , but I ca n't give it high scores on being authentic thai .	Food
The food was very good , but not very thai .	Food
If you 'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent , Long Tan is a good place on the slope .	Miscellaneous
wow ! how have i missed this one ,tried Long Tan last week for the first time and now know what the NY TIMES and many more in the neighborhood already knew .	Miscellaneous
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me .	Miscellaneous
I had my eyes on this place , promising myself I will one day 'give it a try . ' And I hate to say this but I doubt I 'll ever go back .	Miscellaneous
The food is very average ...the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .	Food
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .	Food
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty ( could 've used a bit more salt ) .	Food
Anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , I would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to Tamari .	Miscellaneous
The decor is night tho ...but they REALLY need to clean that vent in the ceiling ...its quite un-appetizing , and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern .	Ambience
I 've never felt more unwelcome than last month at Jimmy 's Bronx Cafe .	Anecdotes
I try my best to give an accurate description of any establishment visited .	Anecdotes
This time , I prefer not to go into detail .	Anecdotes
I seriously doubt I will ever dine at Jimmy 's Bronx , or for that matter , Jimmy 's Uptown , again .	Miscellaneous
Not only would I not recommend Jimmy 's restaurants to friends , I would strongly suggest they go anywhere but .	Miscellaneous
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience .	Anecdotes
Jimmy is Dominican !	Anecdotes
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .	Ambience
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .	Price Ambience
Would NEVER go back there .	Miscellaneous
Too bad Latin Quarters closed .	Miscellaneous
That place was awesome , , , sally !	Miscellaneous
Jimmy 's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bron x.	Ambience
Right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city .	Ambience
Good food at the restaurant ( a bit expensive , but great if you want to impress your date ) .	Food Price
After dinner , take your date to the HUGE dance floor , probably one of the biggest you 'll see in NY.	Ambience
Some of the finest latin women you 'll see in your life hang out at Jimmy 's .	Ambience
Great bar , most gorgeous bartenders you 've ever seen ( specifically the blond lady ) .	Staff
Good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays .	Ambience
The service is fantastic .	Staff
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .	Food Staff
But trust me it is so worth it .	Miscellaneous
I am completely hooked on this place , it is ridiculous .	Miscellaneous
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling .	Anecdotes
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people .	Anecdotes
I drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at Scores .	Anecdotes
I go back in line like three times on average until I ca n't walk anymore.	Anecdotes
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $ 3.00 in NYC .	Food Price
Fried dumpling is the arguably the quickest value in NYC .	Food Price
At 5 dumplings for $ 1 , you just cannot go wrong .	Price
Although the place could be a little more eye catching and roomier , at the same time , it does n't really matter .	Ambience
Get your food to go , find a bench , and kick back with a plate of dumplings .	Miscellaneous
I almost wanted to write a bad review , so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself !	Miscellaneous
SO SO SO SO SO good !	Miscellaneous
And cheap !	Price
I wish they had one near my office - I would go everyday .	Miscellaneous
Go , go , hurry , before everyone finds out about it .	Miscellaneous
The place was n't too hard to find , but it was kind of packed , as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food , the line reached the door .	Ambience Anecdotes
The food is very good for it 's price , better than most fried dumplings I 've had .	Food Price
The soup is pretty good too .	Food
It 's a really great deal , considering we got full off of four dollars .	Staff
It 's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner .	Price
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table , but standing up was n't too bad .	Ambience
Alone for 100 bucks , it is really overprice .	Price
The food is great , service is ok .	Food Staff
It is not worth for that bucks .	Price
You have to increase the service a lot .	Staff
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average .	Staff
They sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc .	Food
That 's why you have to pay more for that .	Miscellaneous
I 've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed .	Miscellaneous
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but .	Food Price
The service is awful--the last time I was there ( and I do mean the last time ) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave .	Staff
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from , but we had been there less than an hour and they had n't even brought us a check yet !	Anecdotes
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary .	Food
The sauces used are also not that exciting .	Food
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .	Food
The NYC has available to it so many different vegetables , meats , and fishes ; and Japanese cuisine has a number of unique foods and preparations all of which could have been used here with greater effect but all we get almost nothing of the sort .	Food
I came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged .	Price Anecdotes
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident , but for the rest of us who 've actually eaten ethnic food , this is simply dull .	Food
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .	Food
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .	Food Ambience
Get the tuna of gari .	Food
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side .	Miscellaneous
Outstanding Bagels , but you get what you pay for .	Food Price
This is n't a value joint .	Price
While they keep the capex to a minimum , they do put some cash into the bagels , because they among the best in the city .	Food
It 's really a takeaway place , I would n't sit if I could take it home .	Miscellaneous
If you are in the area try The Bagel Shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd Ave .	Miscellaneous
Great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in .	Food
Great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work .	Food
Unlike HH up the block , this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for .	Food
Of course this atmosphere is lacking , but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways ?	Ambience
Pick a bagel on 2nd has the best chicken salad ever ... even there low fat is good .	Food
The employees are excellent .. some even know me by name and order ( pathetic for me ) ...i just ca n't stay away !	Staff
plus the make your own salad . .... they do not have limits on what or how much you can put on it .	Food
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce !	Food
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !	Food
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewher e !	Staff
Be sure not to get anything other than bagels ! ..the turkey burgers are scary !	Food
Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city .	Food
big and soft as well as good lunch food .	Food
They outshine HH.	Miscellaneous
Sometimes this is the BEST food and others ...well , it just sucks .	Food
The problem is just that-it is a sometimes kind of affair .	Miscellaneous
But , hey , there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in Astoria .	Miscellaneous
So , again , give it a try .	Miscellaneous
I recommend ordering in on a weeknight .	Miscellaneous
Apparently , the good cook works then .	Miscellaneous
Good Chicken w peanut sauce , but my friend 's mixed sqewer dish was n't that great : it 's chicken was a lil dry and the shrimp a lil too salty .	Food
But the coconut rice was good .	Food
Place should also have a 1,2,3 chili rating to be more authentic...	Miscellaneous
Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished .	Anecdotes
It was raining , and we figured why not ?	Anecdotes
The interiors are warm , tables lit by candlelight , patrons happily eating and praising the wait staff and cook constantly .. .pretty rare to see ..and strange .	Ambience
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken .	Food
The chu chu curry was really delish but the pad thai ..unbelievable ...and a large portion too !	Food
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy !	Food
Only boo was the rice ..i think it is called jasmine rice but not sure , had a dry texture to it .. seemed like left over rice .	Food
But other than that ..not bad at all !	Miscellaneous
One of the best Thai Restaurant .Good services .Good	Staff
Price .Food was Delicious and Testy .	Food Price
You better try Lab-Ped ( Spicy Duck Salad . ),Pad Thai,Tom yum Kung ,etc .	Food
Only had delivery so ca n't speak to ambience , but considering the lack of attention they give the food , there certainly ca n't be much to see there .	Food
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it , they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato .	Food
Instead of wasting your time here : SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD .	Miscellaneous
Plain and simple it 's bad thai food .	Food
The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .	Food
Do n't eat here unless you 're starving for thai food and you work next door .	Miscellaneous
I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap .	Food Price
It 's only $ 1.95 for a regular slice and $ 4.00 for a slice with a mushroom , not mushrooms .	Price
Nothing better than buying a snapple for $ 3.25 too .	Price
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $ 2.50 .	Miscellaneous
It 's a steal !	Miscellaneous
The pizza is good though .	Food
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .	Food
Always busy but fast moving .	Ambience
Great atmoshere and worth every bit .	Ambience
Open late ( well as late as I ever got there and I 'm a night person )	Ambience
Love Pizza 33..	Miscellaneous
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing ... their Pizza .	Anecdotes
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular .	Anecdotes
It hits the spot every time	Anecdotes
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3 am .	Anecdotes
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .	Food Staff
Everything a NY pizza joint should be .	Miscellaneous
GO HERE.	Miscellaneous
NOW .	Miscellaneous
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice .	Food
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK.	Food
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .	Food
The counter service is bad .	Staff
They charge different prices all the time .	Price
They 're rude at times , and not very friendly .	Staff
NO PIZZA 33 for me !	Miscellaneous
I am Indian , and I have tried many Indian places in NY.	Anecdotes
I went to Amma after a friend recommended it .	Anecdotes
The food was absolutely horrible !	Food
There are much better places in NY with better prices .	Miscellaneous
In fact , while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu , and I could n't help telling them that the food was horrible .	Anecdotes
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary .	Anecdotes
so i thought why not change it up a bit .	Anecdotes
but still my date was bad	Miscellaneous
I 'll keep this short .	Miscellaneous
Amma is nothing special .	Miscellaneous
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place .	Anecdotes
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .	Food Price
Will not be back .	Miscellaneous
Amma has the worst value for money I have experienced in NYC over the past 2 years .	Price
The food is o.k. , but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant .	Food
But for whatever reason , prices are about twice as high .	Price
It cannot be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .	Ambience
The most annoying thing , though , is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue .	Staff
Nothing against a good sales call , but the tactics at Amma are just too obvious .	Staff
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York .	Food
one of the best Chicken Tikka Masala .	Food
The music is the best among all the Indian restaurants I have visited .	Ambience
A must for all the Dosa lovers .	Food
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing , really good meal .	Anecdotes
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared .	Food Staff
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .	Food
Also , the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected , but a truly above and beyond thing to do ...	Staff
We had reservations at 9pm , but was not seated until 10:15pm .	Staff Anecdotes
It was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us .	Staff Anecdotes
Why make a reservation if you are n't going to keep it ?	Staff Anecdotes
Quite poor service ... Our appetizers came pretty quickly , but it was another hour till the entrees showed up .	Staff
By the time we were done , it was past 1:00 am .	Anecdotes
While we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service ( waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service ) and lack of rem orse .	Food Staff
The only comp we got was some champagne ... which was n't fabulous .	Food
Bottom line : B+ for the food , F for the service .	Food Staff
Went for a late weekday lunch .	Anecdotes
Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend .	Ambience
Service was very friendly .	Staff
Lunch prix fixe of $ 25 or $ 35 allows some mixing and matching ( with price supplement ) , but I was happy to go with the variety on the lower-priced menu.	Price
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness .	Food
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed.	Food
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .	Food
Overall , the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .	Food Miscellaneous
fresh restaurant was amazing .... .... food was delicious and of course fresh .	Food
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friends ...	Ambience
I will be going back very soon .	Miscellaneous
keep up the good work .	Miscellaneous
Hats off to the chef .	Miscellaneous
The girl who waited on us ( and mind you we were a table of ah , downtown fashion people ) seemed to be more concerned with who was walking in the front door and gossiping w co-workers than paying attention to our order .	Staff
Drinks got screwed up , she acted put upon .	Staff
Guess the 555Soul ads did n't launch her big modeling career .	Miscellaneous
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot .	Staff
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .	Food Price
Ok , so it 's kinda cool looking ... the musics 's pretty good ... and I 'll even go as far as saying the food LOOKS good .	Food Ambience
Really though , where's the seasoning ?	Food
This food is asian-air fusion .	Food
Makes you crave MSG... no kidding !	Food
The drinks are a saving grace , but service staff , please , get over yourselves .	Food Staff
Do n't look down your nose at me like that ...	Staff
I 'm helping pay for your job , and remember , you work as service staff in a restaurant - you know ... people out for a NICE time , etc. .	Staff Anecdotes
I 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .	Food
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .	Food
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .	Staff Ambience
DO not try unless you 're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste .	Ambience Miscellaneous
I have been twice to this restaurant .	Anecdotes
I love it .	Miscellaneous
I plan on stopping by next week as well .	Anecdotes
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .	Ambience
I recieved prompt service with a smile .	Staff
To me it exemplifies Soho , cute , artsy , interesting .	Ambience
Definately check it out ! ! !	Miscellaneous
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it 's one of my favorite dishes .	Food Anecdotes
It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap ( undercooked ) beef .	Food
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order .	Staff
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant .	Food Price
Service is extraordinary , yet not overbearing , and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens .	Staff Ambience
The food 's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine .	Food
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience .	Food
This place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps Queens ' biggest secret !	Miscellaneous
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you 're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant , very very good food , cheaply-priced , generally friendly staff , and if you 're a Manhatta nite , or spend most of your time in Manhattan , Rice Avenue will make you feel at home .....very Soho West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele .....all on Roosevelt Avenu e !	Food Ambience
This Thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from Sripraphai ( another delicious Thai restaurant ) .	Miscellaneous
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish .	Food
The atmosphere is much better than Sripraphai (more modern and sleek ) .	Ambience
Another plus is most of the entrees are approx .	Miscellaneous
$ 6 ! ! ! All you have to do is hop on the 7 train for a couple of stops .	Price Miscellaneous
The food is consistently wonderful - I 've been coming here for years , and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly .	Food Staff
I love this place !	Miscellaneous
A hearty two thumbs up !	Miscellaneous
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .	Anecdotes
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city .	Miscellaneous
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .	Food Price
This restaurant is VEGETARIAN ; there are NO MEAT dishes whatsoever .	Food
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .	Ambience
It 's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .	Ambience
I 've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times , when I have been in the neighborhood .	Anecdotes
It is terrific , as is the value .	Food Price
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .	Food Price
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .	Food
Frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .	Miscellaneous
Go hungry and enjoy .	Miscellaneous
Disappointing food , lousy service .	Food Staff
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area .	Food Price
I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it .	Staff
I noted it was crossed off on the bill .	Miscellaneous
The Thali was small , thoroughly unremarkable , and $ 14.95 .	Food Price
Note that they do not serve beer , you must bring your own .	Staff
I 'm from sichuan , this is the restaurant I recommend going .	Miscellaneous
food is del icious , the affordable price makes it more attractive ( most items ~$ 10 ) .	Food Price
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot .	Food Miscellaneous
my picks are : - Scallion Pancake ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty ) - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style ( one of my personal favorites ) - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish ( this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I would n't recommend to my American friends as it 's very spicy .	Food
But people from Sichuan will die for it ) - Chongqing Hot Pot , chongqing was the biggest city of Sichuan , now became an independent province .	Food
This is also where I was from .	Anecdotes
: )	Miscellaneous
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .	Miscellaneous
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .	Food
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .	Miscellaneous
I do n't think I would go again .	Miscellaneous
I consider the best Grand Sichuan restaurant in NYC .	Miscellaneous
It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown .	Miscellaneous
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken , then this is NOT your place .	Miscellaneous
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .	Food Price
my picks : Guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source ( special menu ) .	Food
Be careful , when they say spicy , they mean it !	Miscellaneous
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery , generic white sauce , this is your place .	Miscellaneous
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food !	Food Miscellaneous
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else .	Food
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .	Food
The sauce was watery and tasted heavily of MSG . ( I was thirsty as hell afterwards . ) My companion 's entree did n't fare any better either .	Food
( Both our entrees were not from the AC section . ) His cabbage with baby shrimp came also with the same watery sauce , and no real shrimp , but dried , reconstituted shrimpthe cheapest thing you can buy .	Food
He was terribly thirsty after the meal too .	Food
What a ripoff !	Price
Do n't go there !	Miscellaneous
This branch is run by the same chef as the Chelsea Grand Sichuan branch ; dishes we have ordered so far at both Lexington and Chelsea branches have been prepared identically .	Miscellaneous
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting , the additional menu items are only written in Chinese .	Miscellaneous
This is my favorite Italian restaurant in all of New York City .	Miscellaneous
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .	Anecdotes
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken ( usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats ) .	Food Staff
The eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .	Food Anecdotes
The decor is nice , but more casual than fine dining .	Ambience
This is as good as neighborhood restaurants come .	Miscellaneous
Appetizers are somewhere around $ 7 each and the main dishes are between $ 11 and $ 16 .	Price
i dined here with my girlfriend and we sampled a few different types of pizza . the thin crust was only average but the others were fantastic .	Food Anecdotes
though the service could be better ( possibly due to more than one very large group in the house ) , it is very cordial and warm , as is the general clientele .	Staff Ambience
strike up a conversation with the attorney next to you , or with the local union worker on the other side .	Miscellaneous
great eats , good times .	Miscellaneous
This is a fun restaurant to go to .	Miscellaneous
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .	Food Ambience
But the pizza is way to expensive .	Price
A large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .	Price
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn .	Miscellaneous
The pizza is overpriced and soggy .	Food Price
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .	Food
A big disappointment , all around .	Miscellaneous
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .	Food
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .	Price
Ca n't wait to go back .	Miscellaneous
Joe 's Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up .	Anecdotes
The ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it 's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe 's .	Food
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings , the whole slice is topped with them , not sparsely sprinkled on like some places .	Food
They 're also friendlier here , especially the owner , Kenny .	Staff
Try it side by side and there 's no comparison .	Miscellaneous
Bleecker St Pizza is the best !	Miscellaneous
I have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one .	Anecdotes
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do n't skimp .	Food
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great !	Food
Do yourself a favor and walk the extra avenue from joe 's to eat here .	Miscellaneous
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal .	Food
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect .	Food
Even with John 's and Joe 's around the corner , this place will make a name for itself .	Miscellaneous
The owner is very friendly and a great guy , go try his pizza , you 'll like it !	Staff
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , I ca n't wait !	Miscellaneous
Searching to get out from the cold , freezing weather , we went into what we thought was a deli .	Anecdotes
Turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down .	Anecdotes
We had the most wonderful waitress .	Staff
All the items she recommended were phenomenal , even the exotic sounding dishes lik the crabmeat avocado dumplings ( heaven ) and cilantro soup ( much better than it sounds ) .	Food Staff
For some reason the place was empty at peak lunch hour ...do n't understand why , the service was great , great priced , delicious food quiet .	Ambience Miscellaneous
Not someplace I would seek to try out but if I am in the area again , I will certainly stop by .	Miscellaneous
Ssearching for a restaurant in midtown that was kid friendly , wife came in w a 4yr old and 9 mth old and her parents , and came upon this .	Anecdotes
What a mistake ...We arrived @ 1:45 and sat down @ 2:00 not too bad ...@ 2:00 they were out of fries , imagine a 4yr old not getting fries , we were served with a mixed green salad after we gave our vegetable order as a sub.	Staff
asked for italian dressing received ceaser w anchovies , asked for xtra napkins , forks and peper never got them .	Staff
moral stay away .	Miscellaneous
they did give a 15 % discount at the end , was n't enough , as they knew the service was horrible .	Staff Anecdotes
still stay away , the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer ...	Anecdotes
Great deal !	Miscellaneous
I saw a handwritten sign and went in to kill some time , $ 5 wines , $ 3 beers ?! ? Are you kidding me ?	Price
The space was gorgeous , the bartender was ... sigh !	Staff Ambience
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world !	Food
We had to ask the bartender to stop refilling the bowl because we could n't help ourselves ...they were that good .	Anecdotes
For some reason the place was empty when we got in and remained so for the entire evening , I do n't understand why but we had a blast and will definately go back the next time we are in the area .	Anecdotes
this is the best secret place in midtown' , I heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms ) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday .	Food
The staff is excellent , specjal : that girl behind the bar , european chic .	Staff
I thought that she has been working there only cuz of her look to get some guys in the suit , but she is propably the friendliest female bartender in NYC . and that Asian girl .	Staff Anecdotes
Go girls ! ! !	Miscellaneous
She got us the apple pie ! ! which is soo brilliant .	Food
and hey the prices ?? ? ? nothing for the midtown and Rock Plaza .	Staff
we spent 50 $ $ definetly will come back with my friends ! ! !	Price Anecdotes
I 'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting .	Food Miscellaneous
But I 've got to second the comment that the owner has some issues handling customers and staff .	Staff
I 've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I 've been sitting there while he lectured another customer .	Staff Anecdotes
It could have been handled better .	Anecdotes
Made my dining experience uncomfortable .	Anecdotes
However , they 've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot .	Food
I did n't expect to like Nosh as much as I did , but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly , the soups are like Mom 's , and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel 's a run for its money .	Food
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order , but their food says I love you .	Food Staff
Get the soup and a nosh ( pastrami sandwich ) for $ 8 and you 're golden .	Food Price
We had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant .	Miscellaneous
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .	Food
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them .	Food Anecdotes
They showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt .	Staff
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale .	Food
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .	Staff Anecdotes
This should have been done in a back room - away from customers .	Anecdotes
This is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together .	Ambience Miscellaneous
...and that 's saying a lot .	Miscellaneous
Maybe I say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food , but turns out to be poorly run and awful .	Staff Miscellaneous
It appears to be the owner 's first venture and it shows .	Miscellaneous
The food is terrible and overall , I would have to say avoid at all costs .	Food
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you 'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS .	Food Price
It 's constantly open , catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St. , so there 's more turnover with the food than you 'd expect ( i.e. , surprisingly fresh ) .	Food Ambience
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall , it 's a bit intimidating at first , but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - do n't hesitate to ask for help with what to get .	Staff Ambience
I 'd definitely recommend this little place .	Miscellaneous
Looking from the outside in , one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall ( really , that 's what it is ) .	Ambience
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess ( st acks of bottles , cans ) and a small counter holding 12-14 ent rees .	Ambience
Behind this counter , two men are squeezed in .	Ambience
The one up front will smile and say What can I get for you , brother ?	Staff
( or sister , in my case ! ) .	Miscellaneous
While this can hardly be called a restaurant , it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten : $ 4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 ent rees .	Price Ambience
Food does n't appear to be cooked on premisis but there 's a high turnover so its pretty fresh .	Food
And its absolutely DELICIOUS.	Food
Ask any Pakistani taxi driver to vouch for it as they 're the main clientele - and that 's how you know you 've struck gold .	Miscellaneous
This place is a great bargain .	Price
Authentic Pakistani food .	Food
People are always friendly .	Staff
Do n't waste money on decor .	Ambience
Just straight up cheap , good food .	Food Price
The place is a lot of fun .	Miscellaneous
My six year old loved it .	Anecdotes
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience .	Ambience
The food however , is what one might expect .	Food
It is very overpriced and not very tasty .	Food Price
However , I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once .	Miscellaneous
We had a good time .	Anecdotes
This place is so much fun .	Miscellaneous
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .	Anecdotes
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build .	Miscellaneous
I think the stuff was better than Disney .	Miscellaneous
Our food was great too !	Food
And really large portions .	Food
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York .	Staff
We will go back every time we are in the City .	Miscellaneous
THE MOST FUN RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO !	Miscellaneous
I LOVED THE SHOWS .	Anecdotes
I LOVED THE SHOWS .	Neutral
I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS .	Anecdotes
THE FOOD PORTIONS ARE REALLY LARGE.	Food
THE BEST PLACE TO BRING KIDS OR ANY FRIENDS WHO WANT TO DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT .	Miscellaneous
YOU MUST GO . THERE IS NOTHING ELSE LIKE IT !	Miscellaneous
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde !	Anecdotes
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .	Anecdotes
Our server was very helpful and friendly .	Staff
I am bringing my whole family back next time .	Miscellaneous
I am bringing my whole family back next time .	Neutral
We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC .	Anecdotes
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city ( Seattle ) , we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant .	Anecdotes
Quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for NYC .	Food Price
Would definitely go back again .	Miscellaneous
The pizza here is delicious .	Food
The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in NY.	Food
They have some great entrees here as well .	Food
Service is great , takeout is good too .	Food Staff
Would recommend - perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central .	Miscellaneous
I 've been to Naples 45 for dinner twice .	Anecdotes
I 've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer .	Anecdotes
Both are del icious , the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand .	Food Staff
The service is a bit slow , but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli , Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night .	Staff
Great pizza for lunch place .	Food
Service was quick .	Staff
The pizza was great .	Food
And it was quick which is very important .	Staff
Have the iced tea .	Food
It was wonderful .	Miscellaneous
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt 's house for dinner , assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook .	Miscellaneous
Everyone treats you like you were part of the family .	Staff
We did n't even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .	Staff Anecdotes
Two people in our party felt like something else , and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.	Staff Anecdotes
We had great desserts ( including the best cannoli I 've ever had ) and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .	Food
They brought glasses and the bottle , and just left the bottle at our table .	Staff Anecdotes
A great experienc e !	Miscellaneous
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .	Food Staff
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .	Food
The wine list is excellent .	Food
The only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptio nal ) is the service .	Food Staff
The only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .	Staff
Wonderful at holiday time .	Miscellaneous
Volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .	Staff
The restaurant has a Family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine .	Food Ambience
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .	Food
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .	Food Price
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...	Food Price
I suspect this restaurant is what Rao 's would be if it had n't turned exclusive .	Miscellaneous
The food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it 's on the menu or not .	Food
I 'm constantly impressed by the waiters-- true professionals who seem to be having a great time .	Staff
The decor is a bit cheesy , and the owner does n't seem to mind when a regular feels like smoking an illicit cigarette ( grrr .. . ) but I guess that kinda adds to the charm .	Ambience
The decor is a bit cheesy , and the owner does n't seem to mind when a regular feels like smoking an illicit cigarette ( grrr .. . ) but I guess that kinda adds to the charm .	Neutral
The wine list is n't great , and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno 's down the street , which is not as good as it used to be .	Food
And you 're hungry a few hours later .	Food
Seriously , this is the best all you can eat in town - As everyone says , the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best - have 4 of these , and you 've broken even .	Food
I 've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I 've been going .	Staff
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick .	Food
The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here .	Food
$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality - I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to .	Food Price
Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls .	Food
Everything is del icious , though , my gf and I come here once a week sometimes - you will get addicted !	Miscellaneous
It is a small restuarant so go early and it will be nice and quiet - go late and it will be packed !	Ambience
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine .	Food
This big draw is the all you can sushi here for $ 19.95 !	Price
The catch is that you are charged extra for ANYTHING that you leave on your plate so do n't be a greedy pig !	Price Miscellaneous
We come from New Jersey to eat at Kinoko .	Anecdotes
Not the greatest sushi place , but excellent for a $ 19.95 all you can eat .	Food Price
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we 've ever had .	Food
Service can be tediously slow and inattentive when busy . Parking stinks .	Staff
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .	Food
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing .	Miscellaneous
You can do it here .	Miscellaneous
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten .	Price
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .	Anecdotes
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .	Staff
Drinks way over priced .	Price
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit	Food Staff
I 've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food .	Miscellaneous
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it .	Food
It is not a place for tourists or someone who has never dined in Bay R idge .	Miscellaneous
Yes , there might be a wait if you have no reservations .	Staff
Any if you have a reservation you 'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar .	Miscellaneous
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass .	Food
Decent wine selection too .	Food
Went there last night for 2 year anniversery , and was n't all that impressed .	Anecdotes
For the quality of food , a little too expensive .	Price
You are paying for the atmosphere , which is nice , but can be had in numerous places in Bay R idge .	Ambience
The only positive was the wait staff , which was prompt , knowledgable , and likeable .	Staff
If you want to save some money , do n't go here .	Price
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .	Anecdotes
The restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .	Anecdotes
Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .	Staff
The atmosphere was mostly of an older crowd , but there were a few groups of mid 20's year olds also .	Ambience
Me and my girls will definitely go back .	Miscellaneous
I ordered in beef w broccoli today for lunch .	Food Anecdotes
Considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch special , the dish was ridiculously small .	Price
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it .	Food
All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was .	Anecdotes
I would n't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too .	Food
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there .	Miscellaneous
Good food .	Food
Nothing special about this place .	Miscellaneous
Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit .	Miscellaneous
Not a 9.8 rating ! ! more like a 8.1 Trust me on that .	Miscellaneous
Is an Ok reataurant but not 9 or better ! ! ! GOOD PRICES ! ! !	Price
Have eaten at Ginger House several times , and it 's always good .	Miscellaneous
The fried dumplings are GREAT !	Food
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant !	Miscellaneous
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .	Staff
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .	Food Price
What more can you ask for ?	Miscellaneous
One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food .	Food
While certain staples are excellent ( the burger , some of the pastas ) , the food is not really the point .	Food
Go with a group of friends and you will have a great time .	Miscellaneous
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late , raucus dinner .	Miscellaneous
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike , a great name for a joint if ever I saw one .	Anecdotes
Unfortunately , the food was NOT something to get worked up about .	Food
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer ....	Price
We happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results .	Anecdotes
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I 've tried similar dishes at .	Food
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .	Food
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .	Food
Yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously , but it should n't .	Miscellaneous
I recommend it !	Miscellaneous
Just ignore the trendy wannabes .	Miscellaneous
As a retired hipster , I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .	Miscellaneous
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she 's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@# $* way ) .	Staff
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .	Food
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .	Ambience
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass ( that 's about 2 1 drinks ) for $ 8.50 ( I recommend the Vanilla Shanty , mmmm ! ) in a great homey setting with great music .	Food
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .	Staff
You ca n't go wrong with this place .	Miscellaneous
Pizza here is consistently good .	Food
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .	Food
You should pass on the calamari .	Food
It is thick and slightly soggy .	Food
Decor is charming .	Ambience
Service is average .	Staff
I ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?	Miscellaneous
Who has room for Cheesesticks with the best pizza in NYC ! Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad .	Food
Great staff .	Staff
Always great servic e !	Staff
I go twice a month !	Miscellaneous
Fantastic !	Miscellaneous
I live a block away and go to Patsy 's frequently .	Miscellaneous
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , fro zen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .	Food
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , fro zen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .	Neutral
Also , because it is so thin , it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling .	Food
So eat fast and order a lot .	Miscellaneous
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !	Food Staff
Great pizza and fantastic service .	Food Staff
There was a small wait , but shorter than I expected .	Miscellaneous
Located at the end of a magnificent block .	Ambience
Very cozy and warm inside .....I will be back !	Ambience
Love the scene first off - the place has a character and nice light to it ..very fortunate , location wise .	Ambience
The pizza was pretty good and huge .	Food
The price very reasonable .	Price
We were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion ...a bucket of food literally .	Food
We got most of it back at home with us .	Anecdotes
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i ca n't not mention or undermine .	Miscellaneous
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery , creamy which means a big task to diggest. . tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count , penne ...got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed ...lol	Food Anecdotes
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE.	Miscellaneous
Food is excellent .	Food
Fish is so very fresh .	Food
Waitstaff are very friendly .	Staff
Love YUKA.	Miscellaneous
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .	Food
believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .	Miscellaneous
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly . the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality .	Food
limited menu , no-so-fresh ingredients , thinly-sliced fish , fall-apart rice . the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce ( even its low sodium ) , the vinegar-soaked rice , and the scallion on top of the fish . the waitstaffs are nice though .	Food Staff
wont come back again for sure !	Miscellaneous
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .	Ambience
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .	Ambience
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .	Food
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars !	Miscellaneous
Taxan delicious !	Food
Arigato Gozimas Yuka !	Miscellaneous
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .	Food Price
It costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .	Food
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .	Food
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .	Food
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu.	Food
In any event , this is a place I 'll be sure to stop by again when I 'm in this part of town .	Miscellaneous
I had been searching really hard for a restaurant in New York where I could really feel unwanted and ignored and I finally found it !	Miscellaneous
Read all the other review , they 'll confirm it .	Miscellaneous
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there .	Staff
It took half an hour to get our check , which was perfect since we could sit , have drinks and talk !	Anecdotes
Oh , but wait , we were out of drinks ( which were also delightfully overpriced ) .	Food Price
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool .	Staff
You guys are awesome !	Miscellaneous
It 's a shame that a nice , convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service .	Staff
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen .	Anecdotes
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair .	Anecdotes
We asked to be moved ( which took half an hour ) , and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back , even though the rest of the room was practically empty .	Staff
My sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by high-school students who do n't know what they are doing .	Miscellaneous
I agree .	Miscellaneous
i have eaten here a handful of times , for no reason besides sheer convenience .	Miscellaneous
( i hang out , and live , in the neighborhood . . ) the food is decent .	Food
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .	Staff
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , i.e . make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .	Miscellaneous
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .	Staff
well , i did n't find it there , and trust , i have told everyone i can think of about my experience . the last time i walked by it looked pretty empty .	Miscellaneous
hmmm .	Miscellaneous
we love th pink pony .	Miscellaneous
THe perfect spot .	Miscellaneous
Food-awesome .	Food
Service - friendly and attentive .	Staff
Ambiance - relaxed and stylish .	Ambience
Do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .	Miscellaneous
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood .	Miscellaneous
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !	Food Price
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza .	Food
It 's to die for !	Miscellaneous
Rosario 's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence .	Food
Sure , everyone 's got their favorite , but to know Sal , is to know New York .	Miscellaneous
He takes real pride in his food and his business .	Staff
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella , but every pie is ultra fresh .	Food
He ca n't help , they 're bought up so fast .	Miscellaneous
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray 's , Sal has risen again to carry on his father 's uncle 's legacies with a smile , true love for his community , and let 's not forget the Outstanding Pizza !	Food
He always says , I do n't have customers .	Miscellaneous
I only have friends .	Miscellaneous
This place is fun , watching people drunk and sober , trying to hook up , doing this and that ...I like this place but have had terrible service , depending on who serves me .	Staff Ambience
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers , other times , they 've skipped my order .	Staff
Other than the crappy service from two individuals , it 's great .	Staff
Good , fast service .	Staff
I would highly recommend .	Miscellaneous
Food is great and ine x pensive .	Food Price
The location is perfect .	Miscellaneous
Give it a try and enjoy .	Miscellaneous
To dine at Thalia can be slightly deceiving because while its beautiful on the outside , its so bland on the inside .	Ambience
The establishment scores big points in presentation and style .	Ambience
Everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .	Food Ambience
However , service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had .	Staff
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .	Food Price
With the food lacking in flavor and the service lacking in ... service , one would be overpaying for the experience and for the food .	Food Staff
This place is pretty deceiving ... it 's a gorgeous place in a great location and wonderful ambiance .	Ambience
Service was on par but not wonderful .	Staff
My biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well .	Food
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine , for the price paid , I expected it to have some type of flavor .	Food
It wo n't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food .	Food Price
My husband and I enjoy Sangria .	Miscellaneous
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived .	Anecdotes
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise .	Miscellaneous
We asked the server for two glasses with a splash of Southern Comfort and Grand Marnier . 10 minutes later our drinks arrive and were not what we asked for .	Food
We thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like .	Anecdotes
So my husband made up an excuse so we can leave .	Anecdotes
When we asked for the check TO OUR SURPRISE the check was $ 40 ! ! ! WE were charged for two glasses of sangria and 4 shots ... Needless to say we will never return .	Price
We ate here in March , 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight .	Anecdotes
I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .	Miscellaneous
The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .	Food
My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .	Food
I would like to return and try some of the other menu items when I do n't have to rush off to a show .	Miscellaneous
Fast service .	Staff
I think the restaurant was too loud ( when full ) to be romantic .	Ambience
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .	Food Staff
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .	Food
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .	Food
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu.	Price
I 've been a fan of Pastis for years it never fails to succeed in producing wonderfully friendly , knowledgeable servers ( I miss Eva n ! ) and top-notch French bistro fare .	Staff
The wine selection ( by the glass and bottle ) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they 're going to be in town .	Food
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy , crowded bar at dinnertime .	Miscellaneous
This is definitely a place that provides the best experience , though , to both A-listers and people walking in off the street .	Miscellaneous
Enjoy !	Miscellaneous
There was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at Pastis .	Anecdotes
We were pleasantly gre eted .	Staff
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .	Food
The food was very well prepared .	Food
The service was ok .	Staff
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it 's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner .	Ambience
My boyfriend and I were in NY for a few days and Pastis was a place that came recommended .	Miscellaneous
I loved it .	Miscellaneous
The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe .	Ambience
The food was really good , I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever .	Food
Service was hur ried , but friendly .	Staff
The fries are yummy .	Food
And where does Patis go wrong ; no where.	Miscellaneous
You are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but : Cassuolet , Steake Fritte , Tripe Stew , etc ; simple stuff .	Food
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful .	Miscellaneous
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night .	Anecdotes
Great vibe , lots of people .	Ambience
My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .	Food Anecdotes
My husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .	Food
I did n't complain , I liked the atmosphere so much .	Ambience
Will give it another chance before I write it off .	Miscellaneous
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full .	Food
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .	Food
The restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must .	Miscellaneous
The entire dining experience was wonderful !	Miscellaneous
The food is expensive , but worth every bite .	Price
I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .	Food Staff
You will be satisfied .	Miscellaneous
Worth it for a special occasion , or any time !	Miscellaneous
A friend of mine took me for a birthday dinner here and it was ...quite amazing .	Anecdotes
It 's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic , even .	Ambience
The food , served in small tasting portions ( as an option ) is very good with each dish being better than the next .	Food
We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess , it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well .	Food
All in all , I do n't see how you can go wrong .	Miscellaneous
I 've been frequenting The Tasting Room since it first arrived in the East Village and I 've never been disappointed .	Miscellaneous
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to .	Food Staff
Granted the space is smaller than most , it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants .	Staff
Less = More in their case .	Miscellaneous
I enjoy the collaboration of chef 's with Owner  Chef Colin Alevras from time to time but truly love it best when Colin is in full swing .	Staff
Very excited to hear that short-term Chef Jason Narone has moved on , he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record .	Miscellaneous
Went to Village last night for my birthday .	Anecdotes
We picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .	Miscellaneous
We were very pleasantly surprised .	Miscellaneous
The food was delicious ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .	Food Staff
When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .	Anecdotes
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .	Staff
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .	Miscellaneous
Threw my fiance 's surprise 30th birthday dinner here could n't be happier .	Anecdotes
After calling every restaurant in the West Village district , found this restaurant .	Miscellaneous
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here : simple contract , deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20 .	Miscellaneous
No $ 6,000 minimum or 'we 'll have to split your group b 6 tables . '	Price Miscellaneous
This is a true gem of the village .	Miscellaneous
- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious ) .	Food
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine .	Staff
They even sent us a dessert on the house because they thought we would like it ( and it was amazing-panna cotta ! ! !-so very yummy ) .	Food
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service , this is the place .	Food Staff
Village is one of those places that scores on all fronts .	Miscellaneous
We 've been following chef Lyle 's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .	Food Miscellaneous
If it 's just a quick martini at the bar ( which I recommend Jeffery 's ) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken , go to Village !	Food
I went to Del Frisco 's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation .	Anecdotes
Even though the restaurant was packed , we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems .	Staff
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .	Food Staff
Bring your appetites .	Miscellaneous
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy .	Miscellaneous
Even though it is a little loud , you do n't have to yell at each other to talk .	Ambience
If you 're looking for a great meal at a decent price , go to Del Frisco 's !	Food Price
Try the cheesecake !	Food Miscellaneous
Now at the top of our list , Del Frisco 's Stea khouse .	Miscellaneous
We did have to wait at the bar for approx .	Anecdotes
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other .	Ambience Anecdotes
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry , I understood they were busy .	Staff
The point is , the steak was phenominal , the cocktails and sides perfect and the price .......much less than what we expected to pay .	Food Price
$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .	Food Price
Like others have said , do n't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes , a busy restaurant may require you to wait .	Ambience
If you can handle that , it 's a great place for a business dinner , fun with friends or simply a table for 2 .	Miscellaneous
I have lived in NY for many years and have dined at many restaraunts .	Miscellaneous
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner .	Anecdotes
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had ( I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat ) .	Food
The sides were ok and incredibly salty .	Food
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out .	Food
The overall price tag was very very expensive , something I did expect .	Price
However , for what we spent , overall , it just was not up to par .	Price
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness ' accompanied by salads and sides that do n't look like leafy road kill .	Food
Finall y!	Miscellaneous
Forget the rush and the wait and the noise ( which is n't actually that bad ) , I mean please , who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic ?	Ambience
Still , this place actually manages to outdo Sparks and SW etc . on the food-front while adding just enough of a civilized atmosphere where you wo n't worry about either your neighbor or the wait staff biting off one of your fingers .	Food Ambience
When you want a piece of beef , head on over .	Food
Tasty steak , pork loin , the works .	Food
Filled with suits , though , so you never really feel terribly comfortable .	Ambience
And I could do without the cigar smoke .	Ambience
So , If you could eat the steak in a bubble , now ... Oh yeah , do n't forget a fat wallet , it ai n't cheap .	Price
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine , if you can call $ 70.00 inexpensive , the cost is through the roof for better than average fare .	Price
If presentation and service is your thing , then this magic show works .	Staff
For $ 600 ( the most we have ever paid ) not even waving a magic wand will ever get us back for a repeat performance .	Price
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door , with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.	Miscellaneous
and there 's no way out .	Miscellaneous
The production is a symphony , alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part .	Food Miscellaneous
Everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table .	Miscellaneous
Take a good sense of humor ,an American express card with no limit , walk out with a lollipop,gift bag in hand and enough marketing materials for alain to to take the show on the road	Price
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence !	Miscellaneous
Alain Ducasse is the best of everything , I mean everything was excelent .I	Miscellaneous
ate there with my 2 sisters and a friend , the bill was almost $ 3000 , but believe me it was worth every single penn y !	Price
I am French and I really felt like home ! ! !	Miscellaneous
I will definetely go back again and again , that 's for sure ! ! !	Miscellaneous
For $ 760 for 2 people , it 's a once in a lifetime experience .	Price
( $ 200 for 2 glasses of champagne , not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks ) .	Food Price
I 've dined at Alain Ducasse 's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience .	Price
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time .	Miscellaneous
I would definitely go back for a very special occasion , but not for regular fine dining .	Miscellaneous
Everything about this restaurant was special .	Miscellaneous
The service was attentive , yet disc reet .	Staff
The flavors robust and subtle .	Food
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .	Food
I 'm saving up for my next visit .	Miscellaneous
We had a girls ' night dinner here for restaurant week .	Anecdotes
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course ( other restaurants offer 3 choices ) and ended up ordering a la carte .	Food
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food , it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation .	Ambience
I 'm also convinced our waiter was a zombie ; he appeared to have difficulty focusing while we spoke to him .	Staff
My boyfriend and I recently had an early dinner at Artisanal and was satisfied with our experience .	Anecdotes
We began with the cheese fondue ( the artisanal blend ) and added apples and kielbasa to dip .	Food
Be careful of portions - they 're HUGE.	Food
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer .	Food Anecdotes
I had the cod with paella ( spicy and very filling , I 'm a big eater and could only eat half ) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips ( again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries ) .	Food
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin .	Food
Dinner , with wine , ended up costing around $ 130 ...not a bad deal when you consider how flavorful and large the portions are !	Food Price
NO A .	Miscellaneous
No apologies during restaurant week .	Miscellaneous
No free drink .	Food
Butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .	Food
A million better places to go in the city .	Miscellaneous
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a del icious , new summer menu at Artisanal last night .	Food Anecdotes
We ran a little late for the reservation but it was n't a problem to get our table immediately .	Anecdotes
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .	Staff
( This was nice b both the wine list and the cheese menu are very large . ) The summer feta salad and the shrimp dishes were excellent ( and refreshing after the cheese course ) !	Food
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you 'll love Artisanal !	Food
For being number 1 , this place has alot of work to do in order to truly earn its so called reputation .	Miscellaneous
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .	Food Staff
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish , and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste .	Food Price
This place has good potential , but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else .	Price Miscellaneous
The food was boring and expensive .	Food Price
They charge $ 6.00 for rice .	Price
The makhani was OK --the korma was bland .	Food
The best thing I tasted were the lambc hops .	Food
Not worth the prices .	Price
Bukhara grill .. .... i went there on opening night 5-6 years ago and i am in love with it ever sinc e ... i mostly get food delivered from here .	Miscellaneous
there are so many thing i love about Bukhara . the furniture is awsome i love the wood furniture .	Ambience
The foood is deff one of the best in NY. i love Dhal Bukhara and Chicken Makanhi . the entire staff is ver nice and helps me choose wen i need help .	Food Staff
Ive been here so many times the waiters know my name .	Miscellaneous
Deff recimmend Bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out .	Miscellaneous
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it	Miscellaneous
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks .	Miscellaneous
As a student in NYU i need a place to eat after a hard day of work so usually i just go to any indian restraunt near by . but ive heard a lot about this for the past 2 yrs and finally decided to eat here .	Anecdotes
I am happy i did the food was awsome .	Food
JUST AWSOM E.	Miscellaneous
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .	Food
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey .	Miscellaneous
but overall i give it a 10	Miscellaneous
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent .	Food
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute .	Ambience
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap .	Food
I definitely will go back .	Miscellaneous
Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .	Food
Decor is nice though service can be spotty .	Staff Ambience
This place is always packed .	Miscellaneous
I know because I live nearby .	Miscellaneous
Most importantly , food is excellent .	Food
Try the sea bass .	Food
Highly recommended .	Miscellaneous
i'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here - i've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning .	Miscellaneous
try the spicy shrimp appetizer ( again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price ) and the lamb vindaloo is great .	Food Price
very good breads as well .	Food
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .	Anecdotes
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .	Anecdotes
Yes , the prices are high , but I felt it was worth it .	Price
We all felt it was worth it .	Price
The dim sum here is only so-so .	Food
The dim sum is ok but does n't taste that fresh , and the little dishes do n't look steamy hot as they should ( also note lack of Chinese here ) .	Food
The one vegetarian entree ( Abby 's treasure ) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .	Food
The meat dishes were only so-so .	Food
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you .	Staff
Decor leaves something to be desired .	Ambience
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .	Food Ambience
I got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .	Price
But $ 1 for each small piece ? ? ?	Price
Not worth it .	Price
I wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .	Price
Tasty but expensive .	Food Price
Stick to dim sum , not super overpriced noodles .	Food Price
Very different than regular dimsum places .	Miscellaneous
Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish .	Food
Okay service .	Staff
Worth a visit .	Miscellaneous
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .	Food
They were such a rip-off ( $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .	Food Price
The rest of the dim sum , though pricey by Chinatown standards , is worth it .	Food Price
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table .	Food
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .	Ambience
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .	Food
These are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner : ( 1 ) turnip cakes at the little kiosk on east side of Mott St. just south of bayard ( 2 ) egg custards and pork buns at either bakery on west side of Mott street just south of Canal .	Food Price
I 've been to this monster sushi twice , the 46th st once , the 23rd st one a number of times .	Miscellaneous
this one is definintely my least favorite .	Miscellaneous
not worth it ; visit the other ones for real monster sushi goodness .	Miscellaneous
I went there with my friend last saturday .	Anecdotes
first it took us a long time to find the place .	Miscellaneous
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .	Anecdotes
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .	Food
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .	Food
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .	Food
they were dry and disgusting , i did n't even finish my first piece .	Food
My roommate and I LOVE this place .	Miscellaneous
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .	Ambience
Indoor was very cozy and cute .	Ambience
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .	Food
While it 's not Nobu , it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full .	Miscellaneous
Staff is very accomodating .	Staff
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi , and delicious !	Food
Very good service and very good prices .	Price Staff
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .	Food
Killer Sushi !	Food
This is the Cheers of New York , whether you 've ever been there or not .	Miscellaneous
Everyone is welcomed in as family .	Staff
The food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .	Food Staff
During our meal , the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks .	Staff Anecdotes
While I 'm not sure that this happens all the time-this is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business !	Miscellaneous
On a recent Sunday afternoon , a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT .	Anecdotes
This was the perfect quiet , relaxing , and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater .	Food Ambience
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .	Food Staff
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !	Miscellaneous
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town .	Miscellaneous
Hurley 's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came .	Staff
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .	Food
Try everything for that matter , it is all good .	Food
I have been going there since it opened and I ca n't get enough .	Miscellaneous
Hurley 's is terrific !	Miscellaneous
I love going there !	Miscellaneous
I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal .	Miscellaneous
They all know you .	Staff
Good food .	Food
Good drink .	Food
How do you rate home ?	Miscellaneous
The bagels are fabulous .	Food
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze ( they told me that if I call in the order , they 'd bring it out to the car so I would n't have to look for parking ) .	Staff
They are the best bagels I 've had .	Food
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo .	Food
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC .	Price
Growing up in NY , I have eaten my share of bagels .	Miscellaneous
Ess-A-Bagel ( either by Sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in NY.	Miscellaneous
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .	Food
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .	Food
The lox is always fresh too .	Food
Highly recommended to all !	Miscellaneous
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel .	Miscellaneous
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .	Miscellaneous
The bagel was huge .	Food
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior .	Food
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( g ets a little messy ) .	Food
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND.	Miscellaneous
I grew up on these bagels .	Miscellaneous
The staff is no nonsense .	Staff
The food options rule .	Food
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .	Food
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store .	Miscellaneous
the bagels are : big , brobdingnagian , colossal , elephantine , enormous , gargantuan , giant , gigantic , huge , humungous , jumbo , king sized , leviathan , mammoth , massive , titanic , tremendous , whopping ... best bagels in nyc .	Food
always fresh and delicious .	Food
so garantuan that you ca n't fit them in a toaster .	Food
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .	Food
My friends and I have been going here regularly for two years .	Miscellaneous
I 've been to plenty of great sushi spots in manhattan ; Faan is always my favorite for sushi and chinese .	Food
The sushi for two is a GREAT value .	Price
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken .	Food
Their sake martini is wonderful .	Food
I find the service to be so friendly and very quick , and we are often greeted w on the house .	Staff
It is by far my favorite restaurant in Brooklyn .	Miscellaneous
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .	Food Price
Try their chef 's specials-- they are to die for .	Food
Service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .	Staff
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction	Ambience
Faan 's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery .	Miscellaneous
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .	Food Ambience
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished .	Food
They do n't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai .	Food
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent .	Staff
Get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago .	Miscellaneous
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent .	Food
Faan is sooo good .	Miscellaneous
The best pad thai i've ever had .	Food
The design and atmosphere is just as good .	Ambience
bottles of wine are cheap and good .	Price
What more could you want ?	Miscellaneous
SEA has become so popular that they 've let it go to their heads .	Miscellaneous
It 's super-trendy and there 's always someone to take that empty seat , so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence .	Staff
The food is usually good but it certainly is n't a relaxing place to go .	Food Ambience
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties ( multiples of 2 and higher ) seated for 40 minutes , the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table .	Anecdotes
And , atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space , they left us awkardly seated .	Staff
Needless to say , I 'm never going back and you should be wary too .	Miscellaneous
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .	Food
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .	Food
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic .	Food
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go .	Food
What a great place .	Miscellaneous
I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband .	Anecdotes
I was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but I guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .	Anecdotes
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !	Food
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door .	Food Price
The red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside .	Ambience
I was with a party of 7 ( close but not next the the front doors ) and we were eating with our coats on .	Anecdotes
Too cold to enjoy .	Ambience
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers .	Food
The food was spicy and delicious .	Food
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend , which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand .	Food
The place is a little tight and on a cold day , the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty .	Ambience
The price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate .	Price
My suggestion is to eat family style because you 'll want to try the other dishes .	Miscellaneous
Sure , the setting is nice .	Ambience
It 's convenient .	Miscellaneous
What I did n't like was how the food came right after it was ordered .	Food
This made it obvious that the food was n't cooked fresh ; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated .	Food
Definitely not worth the pric e !	Price
Do n't go .	Miscellaneous
As a fan of Thai , I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst .	Miscellaneous
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .	Food
It just was n't Thai .	Miscellaneous
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great .	Miscellaneous
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .	Price
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .	Food Staff
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood .	Miscellaneous
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends ( classmates ) too .	Miscellaneous
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .	Price Ambience
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !	Food
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th , but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced .	Miscellaneous
I will go back to Suan soon !	Miscellaneous
In summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of Suan ) ! ! !	Ambience
Suan was a recommendation that I am glad we heeded .	Miscellaneous
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village , and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality , I have been hesitant to be disloyal .	Miscellaneous
Suan has challenged this loyalty .	Miscellaneous
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine ! ! !	Food Ambience
They do cater to American palates , but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblig e !	Food
Try the green curry ! ! !	Food
Good crowd , good outdoor seating , with a hip japanese vibe .	Ambience
Staff was cool enough to exlplain all the different sakes ( they have a small but delicious selec tion ) and make amazing recommendations .	Food Staff
There 's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style .	Miscellaneous
I brought some buddies from CA and they loved it .	Anecdotes
Kudos Haru	Miscellaneous
We ate outside at Haru 's Sake bar because Haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .	Anecdotes
What 's the difference between the two ?	Miscellaneous
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !	Food
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !	Food
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !	Staff
Tasty sushi  appetizers ...overall the food is quality ...varied saki selection , too .	Food
Good , dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch .	Ambience
My only problem is that you are literally sitting on top of the people next to you !	Ambience
I know this is the case in many nyc eateries , but here , they really cram you in to the point where it 's borderline uncomfortable .	Ambience
It ai n't cheap either , but then again , cheap food ai n't good and good food ai n't cheap .	Food Price
If you 're craving for Haru 's great food , especially the House Roll , but ca n't stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their Sake Bar !	Food
They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you .	Food Price
Their sushi , Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented .	Food
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat , with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll , it is well worth the price you pay for them .	Food Price
This place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within Doyers , right off of Pell St ( barber 's alley ) in Chinatown .	Ambience
The photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .	Food
The cuisine from what I 've gathered is authentic Taiw a nese , though its very different from what I 've been accustomed to in Taipei .	Food
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked .	Food
Overall , I 'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again , its Chinatown .	Price
The restuarant itself is not large , but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiw a nese .	Ambience
If you 're not familiar with the cuisine , you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they do n't accept credit cards .	Miscellaneous
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town .	Miscellaneous
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town .	Miscellaneous
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .	Food Price
You ca n't say its cheap because food is cheaper in Chinatown .	Price
They 're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing , Queens .	Miscellaneous
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !	Food
Beef noodle soup is good as well .	Food
The service is good and the resturant is clean .	Staff Ambience
Best Taiwanese food in NY!	Miscellaneous
Authentic Taiwanese food that 's cheap ... what more could you ask for ?	Food Price
( Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city ) .	Miscellaneous
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan .	Food
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .	Miscellaneous
However , it is jus too good to not praise it .	Miscellaneous
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .	Food
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .	Food Staff
For all you lazy folks that do n't want to come to Alphabet City , I say , good - stay out .	Miscellaneous
less wait time for me !	Miscellaneous
Really .	Miscellaneous
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .	Food
All conveniently delivered right to the door .	Staff
They are FAST .	Staff
I 've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times , but more often I order delivery .	Miscellaneous
The food is great .	Food
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .	Food
I heartily recommend .	Miscellaneous
There is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude .	Staff
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys ( a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b I live in a walkup ) who always seem disappointed with their tips .	Staff
Hey , I think $ 2+ for a 5 block walk ai n't bad .	Miscellaneous
Stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and I will be going back frequently .	Miscellaneous
The thin crust pizza is amazing -- you can choose any toping your own .	Food
The service was great as well .	Staff
Not a large place , but it 's cute and cozy .	Ambience
Not a typical pizza joint , but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner .	Price
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .	Food
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .	Food
MMmmm ... it was delicious .	Food
Service was slow , but the people were friendly .	Staff
It 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .	Ambience
I ca n't wait to go back .	Miscellaneous
Excellent lunch buffet for only $ 6.95 .	Food Price
We always go there on the weekends and leave extremely full and satisfied .	Miscellaneous
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available .	Food
Just remember not to wear your best clothes b you 'll come out smelling like Indian food ... but it 's well worth it !	Ambience
Great Indian food and the service is incredible .	Food Staff
The owner truly caters to all your needs .	Staff
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .	Staff
Everyone was more then happy with his choices .	Staff
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .	Food Price
Dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty Indian restaurant in the upper east side .	Food Price
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different .	Price
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good .	Food Price
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries .	Ambience
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet .	Food
Stay away from the latter since you wo n't go for seconds ( hint hint ) .	Food
Prix fixe lunch comes with entree , nan roti and basmati rice - a good deal for $ 6 . You 're be paying twice for the same option during dinner .	Food Price
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.The	Anecdotes
menu has so many fish items and oysters.We	Food
all ordered different entrees so we could share.The	Anecdotes
fish was really ,really fresh .I lived in Maine for ten years and grew up on fish.We all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in New York .	Food
Ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in .	Miscellaneous
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .	Ambience
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil .	Food
My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly !	Food
Service was great ; wine was good , only concern would be that there were too few light beers .	Food Staff
We sprung 7 people on them , plus a Seeing Eye Dog ! Still they accommodated us , and were friendly to boot !	Staff
The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad .	Food
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating .	Food
Other seafood dishes were very good ( N O COMPLAINTS FROM ANYONE! ) . Deserts were terriffic .	Food
The $ 300 bill was a bit steep , but the experience was great .	Price
--Eat Club is a roving group of NYC gluttons	Miscellaneous
To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .	Anecdotes
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and made with weird rosemary or orange flav o ring .	Food
Fish was overdone .	Food
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .	Staff Ambience
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .	Food
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .	Food
Skip this restaurant , it 's a big disappointment .	Miscellaneous
i can only vouch for my favorite dishes : egg drop soup , dumplings and general tso 's chicken .	Food
delicious .	Food
and i have been around the block , to say the very least .	Miscellaneous
friends have sampled other choices on the menu and have found them to their taste .	Food
happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone .	Miscellaneous
p.s. : not affiliated with mgm t .	Miscellaneous
just a regular person .	Miscellaneous
Looked up on citysearch ... figured try a new place in Chinatown , HUGE , I MEAN HUGE MISTAKE.	Miscellaneous
The food was just awful , ATROCIOUS actually .	Food
The service was typical short-order , dinner type .	Staff
But I just would like to say I read the reviews people left and thats why I checked it out .	Miscellaneous
Look I dont know if the people who wrote the reviews have ever been to a decent place ( PLEASE TRY SOMEOTHER PLACES ) .	Miscellaneous
But WARNING : to all those that use this site be weary , be very weary of recommendations .	Miscellaneous
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here !	Food
The skin of the dumplings are made fresh here and you can tell b it melts in your mouth !	Food
The fried rice is amazing here .	Food
I 've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste .	Food
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I 'm used to .	Food
Several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces .	Food
That 's good and bad .	Miscellaneous
Good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .	Food
We saw them heating up at least one frozen item though I 'm not sure which dim sum dish it was .	Food
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good .	Food
Spice is great Thai food , love the inexpensive appetizers .	Food Price
Regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you Five minutes .	Miscellaneous
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating .	Staff
Its worth the wait though .	Miscellaneous
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere .	Ambience
I have been to spice three times - twice during lunch and once at dinner .	Anecdotes
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials .	Food Price
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch .	Food Price
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .	Food
I love this place .	Miscellaneous
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down , rushing you out .	Staff
I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch- I dont mind .	Miscellaneous
The place is sleek , modern and playfull and i will return again frequently .	Ambience
Great food at reasonable prices .	Food Price
For appetizers , I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .	Food
It 's usually packed for good reason , esp.	Miscellaneous
at night , but it 's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous .	Ambience
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles ' heel .	Staff
My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery , only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered .	Staff
However , their popularity has yet to slow down , and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation .	Ambience Miscellaneous
Spice is sleek , modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet .	Price Ambience
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but , the food was slightly disappointing .	Food Miscellaneous
The Pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , I 've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .	Food
Ok , for all of us growing up in the Village of NYC , we have spoiled by a plethora of restaurants , most of which stay open very late .	Miscellaneous
I will have to say , this Bengali Fast Food joint is clearly my favorite .	Miscellaneous
The bread is the soft paratha bread ( unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta ) , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .	Food
This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food ( all fast foods in my opin i o n ) .	Food
The place does get crowded , so I recommend going between 4-5 PM .	Miscellaneous
For all of you new to Indian food , try the Paneer Roll , it is a piece of heaven .	Food
I like Mamoun 's food as well , but side by side , Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down .	Food
I live nearby and when they first opened , I ate there a lot .	Miscellaneous
It 's true , this place is not cheap .	Price
I need at least three rolls to be full , and that 's at least $ 14.00 !	Price
They are tasty , but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system .	Food
This place does n't compare with Mamoun 's in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that 's just my opinion .	Food Price
As a long-time patron of Mamoun 's , I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city .	Miscellaneous
However , it just so happens that there 's an even more amazing place just down the street .	Miscellaneous
Kati Roll serves numerous fillings ( tandoori chicken , paneer , etc . ) wrapped in piping hot parathas .	Food
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed .	Food
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .	Staff
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .	Ambience
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .	Food
I really recommend the very simple Unda ( Egg ) rolls .	Food
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .	Food
Amazing !	Miscellaneous
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret .	Miscellaneous
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .	Price
An excellent service	Staff
I am a die hard peep lover .	Miscellaneous
I have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in NY and hooked a few New Yorkers onto Peep as well .	Miscellaneous
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .	Food
The bill is approximately $ 25 for 2 at lunch without drinks .	Price
This is the best thing in Soho .	Miscellaneous
Not pretentious and very economical .	Price Ambience
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky .	Food
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal .	Food Staff
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great .	Food
The prices were fantastic .	Price
The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant , so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here .	Ambience
My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .	Food
I love the atmorphere @ peep !	Ambience
The staff is very kind and well trained , they 're fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations .	Staff
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal .	Staff
And the staff is also young , energeic and hot ! ! ! !	Staff
It 's the perfect restaurant for NY life style , it got cool design , awsome drinks and food and lot 's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar ...	Food Ambience
I got enough reasons to keep coming back ! ! !	Miscellaneous
OU MUST TRY THIS RESTAURANT .	Miscellaneous
IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT .	Miscellaneous
THE FOOD IS CREATIVE ( W ASIAN FLARE ) AND BEAUTIFULLY ARRANGED .	Food
THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT , MODERN , YET COZY .	Ambience
IT IS DEFINITELY SPECIAL AND AFFORDABLE.	Price
PERFECT FOR DATES !	Ambience
I have walked by this place for eons and finally went thanks to a girls ' night .	Anecdotes
Great wine , great food .	Food
I do n't like Indian food too much and this was del icious , however you want to factor that into the equation .	Food
A glass of Leaping Lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .	Food
Granted we were just the girls , but this would also be a great date spot b the ambiance is chic and bustling yet you can also hear the conversation at your own table rather than a loud din or worse , someone else 's conversation .	Ambience
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .	Price
If you go here - your focus should be the Tamarind Margaritas .	Food
They are amazing !	Miscellaneous
The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not ( like the steak dish which tends to be dry ) .	Food
And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner .	Ambience
Just stick with the small dishes !	Food
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service .	Food
Food quality was excellent , service was good ( could be a little more attentive . ) Portions were moderate ...enough .	Food Staff
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals .	Food
Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal .	Price
Based on a visit a month ago , I returned the week before Christmas and was hugely disappointed .	Anecdotes
The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .	Food
The noise level was unbearable , conversation impossible .	Ambience
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here .	Price
On a recent Saturday night , I was with a group of 5 at the Bread Bar .	Anecdotes
We ordered a number of appetizers , mostly chutneys and naan , and they were all enjoyable ( the tomato chutney was amazing ) aside from one thing .....by the time we were about to finish one dish , the next would be layed out on our table .	Food
Aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .	Food Staff
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .	Food
Overall a worthwhile experience .	Miscellaneous
Tuk Tuk is my second favorite neighborhood Thai place ( the first being Joya ) .	Miscellaneous
This place , however , has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average .	Food Ambience
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys ( masaman , green , red ) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .	Food
The Pad Thai is excellent here , as well .	Food
I 've never been disappointed .	Miscellaneous
While the menu is n't especially groundbreaking , everything I 've tried so far has been well-executed and tasty .	Food
Service has always been friendly and efficient .	Staff
The space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .	Ambience
Also , the place is popular with families , so if you 're bothered by children running loose like wild animals , come later at night to avoid them .	Ambience
I 'm Thai and live in Queens , NY. Every Thai people here knows you can find good Thai restaurants everywhere in Queens .	Miscellaneous
Tuk Tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in Brooklyn .	Miscellaneous
The food is great and authentic .	Food
Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat .	Ambience
this place ... we stumbled upon it on labor day weekend .	Anecdotes
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on POINT .	Ambience
even the wine by the glass was good .	Food
its a little out of the way if you do n't live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are .	Miscellaneous
The New York Times has reviewed this place three times already , you know it 's going to be good .	Miscellaneous
This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC , it 's wonderful , and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights .	Ambience
Authentic food and they have REAL service , not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door .	Food Staff
Live relaxed Jazz just tops it off ; ] Enjoy .	Ambience
this place is amazingly bad .	Miscellaneous
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan .	Food
Well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .	Food Staff
i dont how this place is still running .	Miscellaneous
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place , and are not in a rush , this place is a bad idea .	Miscellaneous
Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area .	Price Staff
And despite Gabriella 's claim that she uses only the finest ingredients ; the Grand Dame has been seen purchasing cases of Kraft string cheeze at Cosco .	Food
As for the bar , this is another bad idea .	Food
The seating is cramped ; the drinks exceptionally pricey and watered down , and there is only ONE unisex bathroom ( YUCK! ! ! ) .	Price Ambience
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere ( Anywhere ) .	Miscellaneous
I love this cozy around the way Rest .	Miscellaneous
Where Gabriela personaly greets you and recommends you what to eat .	Staff
A one women show !	Miscellaneous
despite the untasteful previous review ...	Miscellaneous
It is about FOOD and Ambiance , and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine .	Food Ambience
The food is mostly made from scratch , fresh and well prepared .	Food
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 's .	Food
Gotta love it ... ! I am having my husband 's birthday party there .... SO GET READY FOR THE LOUDNESS ! ! ! ! BORING NEIGHBORS !	Anecdotes
I do n't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer .	Miscellaneous
I for one will never patronize them again .	Miscellaneous
Little Tonino 's is just awesome , our favorite delivery place in Kennsington , honestly the best Gnochi I have ever had !	Food
It 's called Gnochi alla nona and is found under Chef Specials .	Food
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well , I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick !	Food Staff
Everyone I have spoken too there is super friendly , help ful , and willing to the extra mile for a customer .	Staff
Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch !	Anecdotes
Highly Highly Highly recommended !	Miscellaneous
I finally got a chance to experience the quality of good food ,no great food that everyone should try ,after getting off at Fort Hamilton exit everyday of my life always saying i am going to try that pizzeria with the adorable kid in on the sign i am astonished at the superb and taste of just about everything i have tried so far that 's # 1 Pizza,chicken cutlet parm and my favorite chicken Marsala no one can seem to get it correctly but this place seemed to perfect its kinda surreal highly ,highly ,highly recomennded ....	Food
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I 've found little toni nos .	Miscellaneous
I could n't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher .	Food
Service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , I 'm willing to overlook it .	Price Staff
Worth making the trip down to Kensington for ...really !	Miscellaneous
Tonino 's took over from the adorable but empty Brooklyn Egg Cream Co. countertop corner joint and , at first , we were sad .	Miscellaneous
But they 've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza ( a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usua l ) .	Food
Obviously run by folks who know a pie .	Staff
This place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the Prospect Expressway and Greenwood Cemetery - a wasteland we like to call The Sliv.	Miscellaneous
Always my fav place for a quick coffee ( $ 2.50 ! ! ) they now have an off-menu b OATMEAL TO DIE FOR !	Food Price
I work near-by , and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood - not a packaged or quick-cooked item .	Food
They treat me like family , morning and night .	Staff
I 've had my wife meet me after work for dinner a couple of times ; she loves this place too .	Anecdotes
Great value for the quality ingredients .	Food Price
Check it out .	Miscellaneous
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews .	Miscellaneous
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .	Miscellaneous
Ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .	Ambience
Salads were fantastic .	Food
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .	Food
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .	Food
We will be back .	Miscellaneous
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .	Food
fine dining restaurant quality .	Food
Over 100 different choices to create your own .	Food
A must try !	Miscellaneous
We do not need to go to a four-star restaurant anymore.	Miscellaneous
NO more reservations , expensive tips and annoying stuff .	Miscellaneous
It has been my first choice ever since I discovered it .	Miscellaneous
Delivery service is great too .	Staff
I think locals rate this place so high .	Miscellaneous
After the review I treked into Brooklyn .	Miscellaneous
First off , the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables ) and got our order wrong .	Staff
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom( third generation-Fornini ) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy ) and nothingon the rest .	Food
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them .	Food
Anyway , this is the last time I cross the williamsburg .	Miscellaneous
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .	Food
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .	Food
Conveniently located too , being right on Bedford ave .	Miscellaneous
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .	Ambience
I will definetly be going back .	Miscellaneous
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .	Food
It is simply amazing .	Miscellaneous
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .	Staff Ambience
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .	Miscellaneous
You will find yourself returning quite often .	Miscellaneous
P.S. Please do n't tell anyone in my family i eat there .	Miscellaneous
LOL	Miscellaneous
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .	Food Ambience
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .	Food
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .	Food
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .	Food
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .	Ambience
Overall I would recommend it and go back again .	Miscellaneous
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma 's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )	Miscellaneous
Best Reuben sandwich ever !	Food
A classic ! Do n't miss Bloom 's on your next trip to Manhatten .	Miscellaneous
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York .	Miscellaneous
Thanks Bloom 's for a lovely trip .	Miscellaneous
I have never had cheescake like this .	Food
I thought I had died and gone to heaven .	Miscellaneous
Had a fantastic omlette here ... sandwiches are about 6 inches high and filled with layers of deli meat goodness .	Food
The service was a bit slow , but they were very friendly .	Staff
No refills on fountain drinks , though .	Food
Great food , great prices , great service .	Food Staff
If you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .	Food Price
I thought this place was totally overrated .	Miscellaneous
Everything we had was good or ok ....but definitely nothing great .	Food
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .	Staff Ambience
When you add it all together , it just does n't seem worth it to me ...especially considering the prices .	Price
I loving bringing friends here - and I do so every chance I get .	Anecdotes
I have had so many dinners here and it 's always been perfect - on a date with my husband , with my mom , with girlfriends and larger groups .	Miscellaneous
And all of that wo n't break your bank !	Price
I cannot recommend OG more highly if I tried - check it out for yourself .	Miscellaneous
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night .	Anecdotes
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .	Miscellaneous
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.	Food
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .	Food
We got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?	Anecdotes
This quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip .	Miscellaneous
We a menu that rearely changes ,e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .	Food
The crackling calamari salad , which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants , is crispy and lightly dressed .	Food
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry .	Food
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23.95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .	Food Price
Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .	Food
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .	Staff Ambience
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .	Food
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .	Neutral
Not a great place for family or general dining .	Miscellaneous
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but , that 's just it -- the PAST !	Miscellaneous
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible , reaching for sunglasses .	Ambience
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size .	Price
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime .	Food
They could n't even make a salad that was appealing .	Food
We spent $ 200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed .	Miscellaneous
Last memorial day , I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend ( interesting , but .. . ) .	Anecdotes
I figured I would give it another try . 3 weeks ago I made reservations for Saturday night .	Anecdotes
Today , I get a call telling me that they are closed that day ( Saturday ? ) and subsequent Saturday 's for the rest of the year .	Anecdotes
Unbelievable .	Miscellaneous
It is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in NYC with a week 's notice .	Anecdotes
I am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort .	Miscellaneous
This place is to be avoided .	Miscellaneous
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category .	Price Miscellaneous
The Halibut was too salty , dessert was so so ( do n't waste any of your calories ) and service was poor .	Food Staff
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away .	Staff
I actually gave Patroon another chance before writing this , but the second visit was even worse .	Miscellaneous
Went last Thursday .	Anecdotes
Great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somet hings , but no music , kind of quiet .	Ambience
We left after one drink .	Anecdotes
I would go back tho .	Miscellaneous
It 's better than being on the roof of Sutton Place with 19 year old interns jabbing you in the ribs all night .	Anecdotes
Check it out	Miscellaneous
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really ca n't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC .	Ambience
Just do n't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there .	Ambience
Anyway , food is great , creative , fresh as always with Battali ....yet my combo of dishes were too salty ....the waiter could n't fill my water glass enough .	Food
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal .	Food
I almost think you can get away with a salad pasta ....by the time you get to the entrees you are struggling to finish , given the decent portion sizes of salads , pasta plus the bread brushetta to start .	Food
The food is amazing ... especially if you get the Chef 's tasting menu and your favourite bottle ( or two ! ) of wine from an extensive selection of wines .	Food
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .	Staff Ambience
People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans .	Ambience
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .	Food Price
Recommendations , of course , are required !	Miscellaneous
Please be aware that it 's CASH or AMEX onl y !	Miscellaneous
What an amazing meal and experienc e !	Miscellaneous
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !	Food
Kudos to Po !	Miscellaneous
I went here with my boyfriend and another couple .	Anecdotes
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews , I felt there was more than enough food .	Anecdotes
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .	Food
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional .	Staff
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional .	Positive
I went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .	Anecdotes
Service here was great , food was fantastic .	Food Staff
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .	Food
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .	Positive
Maybe tomorrow ;- )	Miscellaneous
Big and gawky on the outside .	Ambience
Tends to turn people away .	Miscellaneous
Go inside and you wo n't want to leave .	Miscellaneous
The food is fresh , del icious , and reasonably priced .	Food
The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants .	Food
Nice find .	Miscellaneous
In fact , you ca n't miss it .	Miscellaneous
I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal .	Food
I think this is one of the more underrated places in the city .	Miscellaneous
They have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody .	Food
The steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .	Food
They also do a great job for restaurant week .	Miscellaneous
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye .	Miscellaneous
The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .	Food Ambience
I 've never ordered anything else from their menu...there 's no need to .	Anecdotes
It 's simply the best meal in NYC .	Miscellaneous
You cannot go wrong at the Red Eye Grill .	Miscellaneous
Go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby Veal Calf( ok bad joke ) , but you will see .	Miscellaneous
The food is great ! ! The service well what can I say ....	Food Staff
Just go and see for yourself .	Miscellaneous
Oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant Arties Cafe .	Miscellaneous
goda la durata dolce di alimento! ! ! ( Enjoy the sweet life of food )	Miscellaneous
This is the Jackel and Hideof the restaurants on the UES .	Miscellaneous
The brunch could not be worst ! From the food to the service , everything seems out of place .But ,	Food Staff
by dinner time , they turn it around and mount a huge comeback ! !	Miscellaneous
The Italian food has flavor ( that can be sort of surprising on the UES ) , and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive ,they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90's , no matter how bad it look , you knew that there was a rally just around the corner ...	Food Staff
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES , I get angry that I did n't just go to Zucchero Pomodori .	Anecdotes
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .	Miscellaneous
You 'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city , and most still do n't compare .	Price
I 'm partial to the Gnocchi .	Food
Excellent experience .	Miscellaneous
Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent ( huge portion ) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .	Food Staff
Plus they made a perfect martini .	Food
Skip Baroanda down the street ( Eurotrashy , snooty and expensive ) and check this place out !	Miscellaneous
Myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the City ; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else .	Miscellaneous
I 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .	Food Staff
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .	Food
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .	Staff
It 's boring on the inside , and our sushi was pretty below average ... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor .	Food Ambience
I definitely would n't go back .	Miscellaneous
Just moved to the neighborhood and we 've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants .	Anecdotes
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .	Food Staff
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .	Food Price
Was n't going to share but I feel obligated ...while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of Unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing .	Staff
No thanks ! ! !	Miscellaneous
Miyagi is my sushi restaurant of choice in the Village ; it 's never insanely crowded , the service is very sweet ( I 've never experienced any of the nastiness described in prior reviews ) , and the tabs are small .	Staff Ambience
Unfortunately , so are the pieces of sashimi and sushi , sometimes ; on the other hand , it 's all delicious and fresh , and you wo n't leave stuffed .	Food
I 've yet to have a bad or indifferent meal here ; nothing will knock your socks off , but you 're guaranteed a good , swimmingly fresh time .	Food
Molto bene !	Miscellaneous
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list .	Ambience
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .	Food
Whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite .	Food
A guaranteeed delight !	Miscellaneous
First of all , this place is *not* romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review .	Ambience
Either that , or the editor 's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table , while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th .	Anecdotes
The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .	Food Ambience
Slightly above average wines start at $ 70+ with only one selection listed at $ 30+ .	Food Price
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .	Staff
For instance , plates were just dumped on the table , I was handed the wine list upside down , etc .... Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service .	Staff
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .	Food
Found service above average , but that could be because we were 13 of us .	Staff Anecdotes
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered .	Staff
Normally that would be improper , however they were all delicious and my host did not complain .	Food
We all ate pasta entre 'es , which were great .	Food
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners .	Food
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner .	Miscellaneous
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City .	Food
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start .	Staff
Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch .	Miscellaneous
Try the lasagnette appetizer .	Food
Buon appetito !	Miscellaneous
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .	Anecdotes
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .	Food
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .	Food
A real dissapointment .	Miscellaneous
But that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had .	Food
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies .	Food
Priced at upper intermediate range .	Price
love the food .	Food
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .	Food
it helps if you know what to order .	Anecdotes
and you ca n't beat the prices .	Price
highly recommended .	Miscellaneous
Very popular style Izakaya ( Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ) .	Food
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers .	Miscellaneous
If you like Sakagura but you feel it 's too much , you 'd better try Yokocho .	Miscellaneous
Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC .	Anecdotes
They also have Korean BBQ and very beer-friendly Korean appetizer(like Kim Chee ) .	Food
As a Japanese native , I 've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years , but I was just so amazed at this place .	Anecdotes Miscellaneous
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .	Ambience
This place is worth an one-hour drive .	Miscellaneous
I am so coming back here again , as much as I can .	Miscellaneous
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .	Food
Same owner as the guy who owns Typ hoon , which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave .	Anecdotes
It 's also attached to Angel 's Share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...	Anecdotes
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .	Food Staff
When I called this morning , I did n't think I would be able to get in at 12 , but I was able to get in , along with four other guests .	Anecdotes
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo ; you can tell it was a fresh lob ster .	Food
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .	Food
9.5 ?	Miscellaneous
What for ?	Miscellaneous
For Park avenue I expected so much more .	Miscellaneous
I just do not understand what the fuss is all about .	Miscellaneous
Definitely Highly NOT recommended .	Miscellaneous
When I 'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office , I head for Cafe St. Bart 's .	Anecdotes
When you 're sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceili n g ) you 'd never know there was a world outside .	Ambience
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .	Food Staff
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .	Ambience
Ahhh ...	Miscellaneous
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .	Staff
The only thing you can do here is walk in and eat . . but planning an event , especially a small , intimate one , forget about it .	Staff
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !	Staff
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end , not one person takes responsibility for anything .	Staff
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .	Staff
I 'm no food critic , but I 'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years .	Anecdotes
That said , I thought Scalini Fedeli was one of the best dining experiences I 've EVER had .	Miscellaneous
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I ca n't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .	Food
This is , by far , my favorite restaurant in NYC and I only wish it were more affordable so I could go more ofte n !	Food Price
This was one of the BEST restaurants I 've ever been to .	Miscellaneous
Not only was the food outstanding , but the little 'perks ' were great .	Food Staff
Complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff .	Staff
The menu is Prix Fixe , so be prepared to spend at least $ 60 per person , but it is Well worth itsuperb food .	Price
All I can say is WOW !	Miscellaneous
It 's like you are transported to the Italian countryside , very romantic and filled with antiques .	Ambience
The ceiling is amazing !	Ambience
I would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion !	Miscellaneous
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining .	Staff
While the food was good ( certainly no Il Mulino ) the service was horrendous .	Food Staff
Despite the fact that the space is large , they 've overcrowded the floor with tables .	Ambience
My mother and I had our chairs bumped over a dozen times by hasty waiters ... Our waiter was ever so helpful as he stood back and watched my sister and I physically move our table .	Staff
As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out .	Staff
My entire family was horrified .	Anecdotes
While the staff at this little bistro is very friendly , I have never experienced more incompetency .	Staff
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served ( and that order was undercooked ) , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .	Staff
Please save yourself the frustration .	Miscellaneous
When we stumbled on Leon , we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT , we were certainly wrong .	Miscellaneous
The waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet , we were told no...Then , to top things off , she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend 's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes .	Staff
Such a disappointment ...Rude service , medicore food ...there are tons of restaurants in NY...stay away from this one	Food Staff
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .	Food Ambience
My wife and I always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .	Staff
Sit outside in the warm weather ; inside for cozy winter .	Ambience
Decent wine at reasonable prices .	Food
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience .	Miscellaneous
Our teenage kids love it , too .	Anecdotes
This place is cool enough to be in the East Village , but French enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in Paris .	Ambience
The service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , wo n't put your wallet out of commission .	Food Staff
This is probably one of my new favorite places .	Miscellaneous
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar ve nues .	Food
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .	Food
Stick to the gulab jamun .	Food
While I quite liked the food and the ambience , I 'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window .	Food Ambience
Will go back but only sate those homesick stomach cravings !	Miscellaneous
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .	Anecdotes Miscellaneous
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .	Food
It 's very spicy but not offensive .	Food
We will definitely go back .	Miscellaneous
Sapphire is the only Indian restaurant I go to when I 'm in NYC .	Miscellaneous
Over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .	Food
The staff has always been attentive and kind , and I 've always been amazed at how they 've handled all the various different group sizes that come in .	Staff
Saturday , Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us .	Staff Anecdotes
All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they had n't heard about this place .	Food
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar .	Price Miscellaneous
When going out for a nice dinner , I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food .	Anecdotes
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in amb iance , and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City , the food was not what I had hoped for .	Food Ambience
The main course had an average portion , and was decent overall .	Food
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however .	Food
The beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .	Food
Still , try it once , since if you end up loving the food , it could be one of your best dining experiences .	Miscellaneous
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .	Food
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .	Food
i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines .	Food
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian .	Anecdotes
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .	Price Staff
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .	Miscellaneous
skip dessert .	Food
I 've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all .	Anecdotes Miscellaneous
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I 've ever had ) .	Food
I 'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY.	Miscellaneous
I do n't get it , what 's so special about Prune ?	Miscellaneous
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .	Staff
Over price , and small portions .	Food Price
Its more of a diner than a restaurant my friends and I will never go back .A WASTE.	Miscellaneous
I have to agree with the previous reviewer .	Anecdotes
I do n't get it either .	Miscellaneous
Not impressed with the food .	Food
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .	Price
Zero ambiance to boot .	Ambience
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .	Food
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 ent rees .	Food
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .	Food
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .	Ambience
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable .	Miscellaneous
No plans to return anytime soon .	Miscellaneous
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion .	Anecdotes
The food is definitely good , but I left a bit disappointed .	Food Miscellaneous
First , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which I would have chosen had I known about them .	Staff
When we notified him that he did n't mention the specials , he did n't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless .	Staff
Not what I wanted to hear .	Anecdotes
Secondly , on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume .	Ambience
The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds .	Anecdotes
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they 'd treat us well for the occasion .	Anecdotes
they did n't disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .	Staff Miscellaneous
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .	Food Price
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .	Staff
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end .	Food
great experience overall .	Miscellaneous
Yeah , it 's that good .	Miscellaneous
We 've been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed .	Anecdotes
While the room is not particularly comfortable , once you 're seated you 'll forget about everything except what 's on your plate .	Food Ambience
Solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever-changing menu keep us coming back .	Food Staff
This place was not ALL THAT !	Miscellaneous
There was no ambiance .	Ambience
It was tiny and I felt like I was eating in someone 's living room .	Ambience
The overall feeling of this restaurant was AWK WARD! The food was just ok .	Food Ambience
And a little too pricey to be just ok . Very few wines by the glass and a small menue .	Food Price
The neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead .	Miscellaneous
I was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got !	Anecdotes
I 've been several times and am totally smitten .	Miscellaneous
It is sometimes a little cramped , and can get a little warm , but hello , it 's NYC !	Ambience
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for ?	Ambience
Le Pere Pinard has a $ 15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding .	Food
Fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions .	Food
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .	Food
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .	Food Price
Not a small feat for good french food in the area .	Miscellaneous
It 's easy to get a table for a large group and you do n't get hustled out .	Staff
Get there before 7pm .	Anecdotes
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you 're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz' Deli , or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants .	Miscellaneous
Nice amb iance , nice little bar , good bartender , Francois , and good service .	Staff Ambience
Bill a little high , but worth it .	Price
Would definitely visit again .	Miscellaneous
Recommended .	Miscellaneous
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .	Ambience
The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and help ful , but not over-bearing or rushed .	Food Staff
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .	Food
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .	Ambience
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .	Food
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .	Food Ambience
Have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .	Miscellaneous
The food was actually aweful .	Food
I 'm not picky - but it was actually gross .	Food
The mussles were the fishiest things I 've ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w chicken had bones in it ... It was disgusting .	Food
Would n't recomend it for dinner !	Miscellaneous
My girlfriend convinced me to go in the other night for a quick bite .	Anecdotes
Upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , Steven and Frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts .	Staff
The food was del icious , the atmosphere was relaxed , and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second !	Food Ambience
Last time I went here , the waitress did n't come back after taking our order .	Staff
We did n't get drink refills and she did n't even offer us the option of dessert .	Staff
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I 've had .	Food
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty .	Food
I liked this place the first time but doubt I will ever return .	Miscellaneous
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .	Food Ambience
Kind , attentive wait staff .	Staff
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto-yum ! ) .	Food
My friend devoured her chicken and mashed pota tos .	Food
Delicious crab cakes too .	Food
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and rel a x .	Food Ambience
Great neighborhood joint .	Miscellaneous
Perhaps the last reviewer ( who stated she was treated with attitud e ) lives in a parallel universe because I have never had anything but a perfect experience at Yasuda .	Anecdotes
The staff is courteous and friendly .	Staff
More important , the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo .	Food
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef ( usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt ) .	Food
Admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate ( and thank goodness , in my opinion ) but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US.	Food
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda .	Anecdotes
there 's a ton of different types of fish here , helpfully organized by group ( salmon , whitefish , tuna , yellowtail , oysters , eel , uni , etc . ) . the fish is amazingly fresh , having been flown in that same day from all over the world .	Food
there 's a ton of different types of fish here , helpfully organized by group ( salmon , whitefish , tuna , yellowtail , oysters , eel , uni , etc . ) . the fish is amazingly fresh , having been flown in that same day from all over the world .	Neutral
hes a very entertaining gregarious man , who , despite having fingers like sausages , manages to create perfect bite-sized pieces of sushi with the perfect combination of fish . the best way is to sample at least two fish from the same category ( eg .	Anecdotes
uni from maine vs california , sea vs freshwater eel ) to get a good taste comparison .	Anecdotes
if you 're looking for perfect traditional sushi , go here - if you 're looking for interesting combinations , try sushi of gari 's ( east side ) .	Miscellaneous
We were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant !	Staff
Our first greeting when we entered was The last call is at 10:15 .	Staff
After we got our sashimi order , I could not believe how small the portions were !	Food
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it , but they were not !	Food
I am a 100 lb girl , had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner , and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place !	Anecdotes Miscellaneous
Oh , do n't even let me start with how expensive the bills were !	Price
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar ( chef Yoshi ) and ordered everything ala carte .	Anecdotes
My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .	Food
We 've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we 've been lucky ?	Staff
In any event , even though its a bit on the pricey side , we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back .	Price Miscellaneous
I 've been here twice now .	Anecdotes
The first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .	Food
I 'm sure I 'll return for a final judgement tho .	Miscellaneous
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE ! ! ! I have read numerous reviews on this place , quoting what great Chinese food they have .	Miscellaneous
This is my fourth try over a two year period , and I 'm done .	Miscellaneous
( I 've ordered from the 2nd ave .	Anecdotes
location twice , and the Hell 's Kitchen location twic e . ) The spicy eggplant was DOUSED in oil , the chicken was dry , oily , and tasted like bad chicken from Chinatown .	Food
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever .	Food
Do n't waste your time , or money ! !	Miscellaneous
As I made the title , it 's an affordable restaurant for great taste .	Food Price
I usually order Fried Rice , Shrimp with Sichuan Sauce , some appetizers cooked with Sichuan peppers ... Mmmm !	Food
Staffs are not that friendly , but the taste covers all .	Food Staff
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant .	Food
Try ordering from the regular menu , then you would not regret !	Food
We 've only eaten in the restaurant once , but we have ordered many times for dinner .	Anecdotes
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .	Staff
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty .	Food Price
I 've had the chicken with garlic sauce , chicken with black bean sauce , and hunan chicken .	Food
All pretty good .	Miscellaneous
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .	Miscellaneous
We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .	Staff
They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .	Staff
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .	Food
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .	Staff
Avoid this place !	Miscellaneous
Once you step into Cosette , you 're miraculously in a small , off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro .	Ambience
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain Parisian flair .	Ambience
The food was average to above-average ; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .	Food
However , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !	Ambience
Look elsewhere .	Miscellaneous
Go only if you are already in the neighborhood and do n't want to bother going farther for a better place .	Miscellaneous
The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar .	Food
Worse of all , $ 60 was erroneously added to our $ 80 bill .	Staff
You could get a much better dining experience for the same amount of money in a lot of other French Bistros .	Miscellaneous
Authentic bistro !	Miscellaneous
Finall y!	Miscellaneous
Romantic if you want it to be ( brightly lit ) .	Ambience
Bernard is a great host ; it did n't bother me a bit that he recited the entire menu to my wife .	Staff
All the food was hot tasty .	Food
2 soups , 2 entrees , 4 glasses of wine and one dessert cost $ 110 w a 20 % tip .	Price
Go for it !	Miscellaneous
You 'll adore it .	Miscellaneous
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .	Ambience
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed .	Staff
Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world .	Food
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .	Miscellaneous
Fantastic place .	Miscellaneous
Cute and decorative .	Ambience
A pleasant surprise .	Miscellaneous
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else .	Miscellaneous
This place started off a little iffy , but is now one of my favorite indian restaurants in NYC ( and I 'm indian , so I should know ) .	Miscellaneous
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flav o ring .	Food
I recommend the garlic shrimp , okra ( bindi ) , and anything with lamb .	Food
If you were there when it first opened , give this restaurant a second chance .	Miscellaneous
The wait staff is friendly , and the food has gotten better and better !	Food Staff
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .	Food
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .	Ambience
While the place is not a hotspot hangout , the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck .	Food Ambience
While most people can attest to spending over $ 50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing , the drinks here are plentiful and unique .	Food
The 'kamasutra ' and 'bombay cosmopolitan' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time .	Food
Oh yes , and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars , there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls , some of which , I would love to know where they obtained .	Ambience
I love the b posters of famous Indian actors in the prime of Indian cinema .	Ambience
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired , but the food is very good .	Food Ambience
Try the tandoori salmon !	Food
Wonderful !	Miscellaneous
I have never had anything like it !	Miscellaneous
The palak paneer was standard , and I was not a fan of the malai kofta .	Food
The rice portions are gnerally small - and the vegtable of the day - you get 2 teaspoons of it ! the 3 of us were there for hours - at least 3- well after we were done eating - and no one bothered us , it was great !	Food
go here for the drinks !	Food
esp.	Miscellaneous
during happy hour !	Miscellaneous
enough said !	Miscellaneous
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .	Food Price
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .	Staff
My fav was the sassy lassi...	Food
I have been to Mary 's many times and I like it .	Anecdotes Miscellaneous
However , I do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant .	Miscellaneous
I would never wait for a table to eat , it just is not THAT great .	Miscellaneous
The food is good , but very expensive for the casualness of it .	Food Price
Shocking that sides of vegies are $ 6 . ... that is what I would expect to pay in a more upscale restaurant .	Price
The service is spotty , sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there .	Staff
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food .	Staff
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food .	Neutral
To begin , we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave , when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready .	Staff
Sure enough , exactly 30 minutes later we got the call and were seated promptly .	Staff
The waitstaff were attentive , polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters .	Staff
And the food was fantastic .	Food
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .	Food
I would definitely recommend Mary 's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts .	Miscellaneous
The food is good , I ca n't lie .	Food
But the staff was so horrible to us .	Staff
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .	Staff
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .	Staff
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one !	Miscellaneous
This place is incredibly tiny .	Ambience
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends .	Staff
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .	Staff
The food was bland oily .	Food
I just do n't understand all the hyp e ...	Miscellaneous
American tourists New Yorkers , get over yourselves !	Anecdotes
In China the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud .	Anecdotes
The people with carts of food do n't understand you because they do n't speak English , their job is to give you the delicious food you point at .	Anecdotes
You can also special order any kind of dumpling ,etc .	Anecdotes
from an English speaking staff .	Anecdotes
Also , if you do n't want to sit at a certain table , you do n't have to !	Anecdotes
Having discovered Ping 's on the internet , we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in .	Anecdotes
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at Ping 's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover 's brunch .	Food Ambience
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet .	Food Price
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives .	Food Staff
To give you an idea of how good we thought it was , we ended up going to Ping 's three weekends in a row! ! !	Anecdotes
I had heard such wonderful things about this place and saw all the awards they had decorated the doorway , so I was excited to have Dim Sum  lunch there .	Anecdotes
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive .	Staff Ambience
The Dim Sum was so-so , but not spectacular .	Food
Based on the reviews for dinner , this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that , but definitely not for Dim Sum again .	Miscellaneous
I was very disappointed with this restaurant .	Miscellaneous
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .	Staff
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested .	Staff
Food was okay , nothing great .	Food
Chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .	Food Ambience
I will never go back to this place again .	Miscellaneous
I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix .	Miscellaneous
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service .	Staff Ambience
Do n't expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full .	Ambience
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel .	Food
Yum !	Miscellaneous
Their coffee is quite good too !	Food
Having been a long time Ess-a-Bagel fan , I was surpised to find myself return time and time again to Murray 's .	Anecdotes Miscellaneous
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture , both chewy yet not gummy .	Food
Overall , the best bagel in town .	Food
.	Miscellaneous
.	Miscellaneous
now if they could only get a toaster .	Miscellaneous
I love Ess-a-bagel , but I live on the west side , so I often go to Murray 's for convenience .	Anecdotes
Their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a 'special ' bagel experience .	Food
Better than the bagel shop on the corner , but not worth going out of your way for , in my opinion .	Miscellaneous
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .	Price
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .	Food
THE BIG COMPLAINT : NO TOASTING AVAILABLE.	Food
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .	Anecdotes
Murray wo n't do it .	Staff
Wo n't or Ca n't is not in the service directory .	Staff
But who says Murray 's is anything about service .	Staff
So close , but not good enough .	Miscellaneous
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .	Miscellaneous
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .	Food
Why ?	Miscellaneous
They do n't concern much of customer 's health , just want to make money .	Miscellaneous
please do n't fool us .	Miscellaneous
I went to pams with my girlfriend , and i love it .	Anecdotes Miscellaneous
I 've eaten thai many times , and am very familiar with the cuisine .	Anecdotes
The Thai food is good .	Food
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal , relax , be able to talk and have a very good time .	Ambience
The staff are attentive , and have smiles on their faces .	Staff
A defitely must visit .	Miscellaneous
Went there for an office lunch .	Anecdotes
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .	Food Ambience
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .	Food
Try green curry with vegetables .	Food
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .	Food
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .	Staff
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food , but my friend who took me there is .	Anecdotes
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .	Anecdotes
It was wonderful . the salads are del icious , both refreshing and very spicy .	Food
We had Pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .	Food
too large for just two people but nothing was left .	Food
Unbelievable .	Miscellaneous
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .	Food Staff
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .	Food Anecdotes
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .	Food Price
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .	Miscellaneous
Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests .	Miscellaneous
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied .	Food
Do n't leave without trying One Night in Tokyo .	Miscellaneous
I will never visit this restaurant again .	Miscellaneous
Had been sitting with friends for about 2 hours , ordering food all the while , when we were suddenly presented with a check .	Anecdotes
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away ( we had n't even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink ) , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .	Anecdotes
WTF ?	Miscellaneous
Glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers .	Anecdotes
I have n't been to the other locations .	Anecdotes
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting .	Miscellaneous
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .	Food
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .	Food
Will never be back .	Miscellaneous
Here 's to the fake fish tanks too ...	Ambience
I 'm from England , and Haru 's was the best I had in NYC .	Anecdotes Miscellaneous
And that 's no mean feat ...	Miscellaneous
My mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant .	Miscellaneous
The menu may be small , but everything on it is delicious .	Food
I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection .	Food
Monday nights are a bargain at the $ 28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course .	Price
IT is the best deal in town for a Monday night dinner at a fine restaurant .	Price
If you love seafood , you would love this place !	Food
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .	Food
The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .	Food
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious .	Food
Worth the trip from Manhattan .	Miscellaneous
My boyfriend and I have been to The Minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed .	Miscellaneous
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .	Staff
You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice .	Staff
After reading the posts , I was always skeptical to go to The Minnow , despite living in Park Slope .	Anecdotes
But on a lazy Saturday night , we ended up going .	Anecdotes
Because we did n't have a reservation , we could only sit in the back garden , but it was great , secluded and perfect in nice weather .	Ambience
The apps were good , a little pricey for 1 dozen oysters ( $ 15 ) .	Food Price
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish .	Food
It was huge , del icious , fresh , and will be the reason we return .	Food
Hopefully next time , I will save room for dessert .	Food
So I 've never actually been to M proper , but I 've had it delivered a few times .	Anecdotes
Even upon delivery , their juicy pork buns are quite good . .	Food
.the best I 've found outside of the Chinatown masters .	Food
My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach , the Shanghai low mein , and other attractions .	Food
The crispy chicken was n't for us , though .	Food
Unfortunately , the food is outstanding , but everything else about this restaurant is the pits .	Food Miscellaneous
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine , so if you want to make a reservation you are limited .	Staff
Then , IF they answer the phone , you 're lucky if they do n't hang up on you !	Staff
Walk-ins are risky too .	Staff
Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off , like in this case .	Miscellaneous
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good .	Food
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way .	Anecdotes
And comparing it to the Chinatown restaurants is simply not fair .	Anecdotes
There is not a single place in Chinatown where you have a nice neighborhood feeling like here .	Ambience
One of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood .	Miscellaneous
This is n't your corner Chinese food takeout .	Miscellaneous
May , the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you .	Staff
Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps .	Food
They 're terrific ! !	Miscellaneous
Each bite of food at Kai was indeed del icious , fresh , and elegant .	Food
I had the black cod with yuzu sauce , which was wonderful .	Food
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small ( especially the appetizers ) , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer ( 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing ) , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .	Food
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity , elegance , and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size , Kai is your place .	Food
If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share , Kai may not be the best option .	Food
The ambience is very calm and quiet .	Ambience
Sake collection was excellent ( Try Nanbu Bi jin ) , but pricy .	Food Price
Not too crazy about their sake martini .	Food
Most people eat there seem to be typical Upper East Side snobs , so be aware .	Ambience
Again , the waitress was awesome .	Staff
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice .	Staff
We just ate at Kai and were disapointed .	Miscellaneous
The food was not very tasty , the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant .	Food
And the prices were way to high for what you get .	Price
Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $ 12 dollars and the mushrooms where $ 12 for about 1 oz .	Price
We generally like good restaurants and eat out often but Kai was way to expensive for what we got .	Price
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better . ! !	Anecdotes
All the staff is absolutely professiona l ! ! I sometimes see the waiters do n't have enough knowledge of their dishes .	Staff
But they do .	Miscellaneous
( that is A MUST , but not every restaurant can do .. . ) If you want to dine with large party , I recommend to make reservation BASEMENT .	Anecdotes
There 's nice and quiet , small but enough for 6 ( or more ) .	Ambience
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .	Miscellaneous
I had a great experience .	Miscellaneous
Food is great .	Food
Service is top notch .	Staff
I have been going back again and again .	Miscellaneous
We usually go to the Chart House to celebrate a birthday or anniversary .	Anecdotes
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful !	Ambience
Our last time there a few weeks ago was early at 5pm and it was very crowded and noisy .	Ambience
If you do n't mind all that noise then go to the Chart House .	Miscellaneous
The food is very good too but for the most part , it 's just regular food , nothing special .	Food
For myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion , I do prefer smaller , quiter restaurants .	Anecdotes
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch ... the ambiance is wonderfull .	Staff Ambience
The staff offers impeccable service .	Staff
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz . of Maine Lobster in it .	Food
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .	Food
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash .	Food
It was divine melts in your mouth .	Food
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .We did n't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of Korbett it was just enough .	Food
We had Lava Cake ... we ordered when our food came it takes at least a 1 to make it .	Food
It 's cuz it 's so good you need to taste it ! ! ! All in all we 're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks ! ! ! !	Food Miscellaneous
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday .	Anecdotes
If you 've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .	Miscellaneous
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .	Food Price
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .	Food
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .	Food Ambience
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .	Miscellaneous
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .	Staff
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .	Staff
He offers subpar service and has no personality .	Staff
In fact , it appears he is going to go postal at any moment .	Staff
Skip this location and go to the one in Soho .	Miscellaneous
There is no excuse for such lousy servic e !	Staff
I 'm not sure why these other reviewers are whining so much .	Miscellaneous
The food at this place is 'gourmet ' Indian cuisine .	Food
Its not curry in a slurry crap , and regular run of the mill food .	Food
The food is excellent and I have found this location at 104 2nd Avenue to be the most consistent with its food and short menu.	Food
The best dishes are the 'paneer bhurji' , the ' Baluchi Shrimp Curry ' and ' Chicken Makhani ' .	Food
The manager had an uncanny knack of getting the most rare and eclectic music comprising of indian to add to the ambience .	Staff
However , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .	Staff
Food is still great and comparitively ine x pensive .	Food Price
Definite go if you 're used to good Indian restaurant food from abroad .	Miscellaneous
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .	Food
and for this i had to shell out a small fortune ?	Price
( not even to mention baluchi 's , most irrtatingly , chages you extra for rice and all and sundry condiments ! ) i do n't think so ! this happened specifically at this location , but it had happened on enough many occassions on several other baluchi 's last couple years for one to conclude that baluchi 's has lost it .	Anecdotes Miscellaneous
go to any corned indian restaurant , and the little india strip along east 6 st rules supreme !	Miscellaneous
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location .	Anecdotes
During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .	Staff
I wish they would change back to what it was before .	Staff
The food now is inconsistent .	Food
after dining at B.O.G over twenty times now , its official !	Anecdotes
not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere .	Food
consistantly great thin crisp crust , inventive topping combinations and the smokiness from what is believed to be one New Yorks oldest wood burning ovens ......like in Naples only wood is used for Pizza ! as for the rest of the menu , this is much more than a pizza place ...offering such creative dishes like prosciutto sushi .....brooklyn caviar and brick oven shrimp . the salads are huge and well made and the pasta 's are not the normanl red sauced slop you recieve at other pizza houses .	Food
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere .	Miscellaneous
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter 's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .	Food
It was good , but was not what I thought it would be .	Food
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato ( with espresso ) , which were tasty , but I thought a bit overpriced .	Food Price
- overall , if you are openminded , I recommend it . the tomato sauce on the pizza is a bit sweet and adds a unique touch .	Food
I never had anything I did n't like here .	Miscellaneous
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza .	Food
Plenty of choices to make your own creation .	Food
The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats .	Food
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family .	Staff
We visit at least once a month .	Anecdotes
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples .	Miscellaneous
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes .	Ambience
The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .	Food
Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .	Staff Ambience
If only they delivered , they 'd make a mint !	Miscellaneous
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .	Miscellaneous
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .	Food Staff
Even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in New York pizza restaurants ) .	Food
I 've been many time and have never been disappointed .	Anecdotes
Two words : Free wine .	Price
I 'm amazed we have n't been kicked out of this place yet .	Miscellaneous
We bring in a party of ten or so every week .	Anecdotes
Order the panang duck , it 's fantastic .	Food
Then , get ripped on free box wine .	Food Price
Tell them Herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter .	Miscellaneous
If you live in Upper Manhattan , Siam Square is THE place for Thia food .	Miscellaneous
While the prices are nothing special , the portions are huge .	Price
In fact , two people could really share one plate .	Food
The flavors are great , and the menu is extensive .	Food
Plus , on Wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited !	Food
if your into thai ..you cannot miss this great restaurant .	Miscellaneous
if you dont even like thai-food ..still go there ..i recommend going there just for the atmosphere and kind people alone .	Staff Ambience
they live up to the thai way of living .	Staff
you get nothing but smiles and great food at siam square . the jo and bo team equal great times and even better food !	Food Staff
you guys rock .	Miscellaneous
i recommend the thai popcorn : )	Food
For many people , this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic .	Miscellaneous
However , being from Los Angeles and Thai myself , this place reminded me a lot of the hundreds of Thai restaraunts all over L.A. county.The only thing is that the prices are a bit high ( but hey I will pay it to get a taste of home ) .	Price Ambience
Everything we had was pretty good , but we have only been there once .	Food
Its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car ( I happen to live in Inwood ) .	Miscellaneous
But this is the best all around Thai Experience Ive had outside of Bangkok and LA Dishes I recommend : -Tom Yum Soup - Drunken Noodles ( pad Kee Mao ) ( I wil update with more later ) I should be going back this week	Food Miscellaneous
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix : Appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion ..try the potato stuff kanish best one .	Food
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .	Food
Dessert is a joke ...dont bother	Food
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .	Food
I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .	Food
also it 's great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place , the service it 's just perfect ...they 're so frendly that we never want to live the place !	Staff Ambience
I 've eaten at many different Indian restaurants .	Anecdotes
But after last night , Spice Grill is the only place I 'm eating indian cuisine .	Miscellaneous
You must try the shrimp appetizers .	Food
Even my Indian friend could n't believe how good and tasty everything was .	Food
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .	Staff Ambience
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .	Staff
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city .	Food
I cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there .	Miscellaneous
Spice Grill is the space formerly occupied by Tiffin , which went bust due to financial fall-out from 9 1 .	Miscellaneous
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive , the menu has been overhauled .	Miscellaneous
Meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there 's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices .	Food
Southern Indian cuisine is still there , too .	Food
While this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs .	Food
Probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner ( too close to downtown ) .	Ambience
Well worth the trip , close to City Hall and downtown subway stops .	Miscellaneous
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .	Food
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .	Food
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .	Food
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .	Miscellaneous
We waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right .	Food Anecdotes
We will be back .	Miscellaneous
Went here last night and had a pleasant experience .	Miscellaneous
Not cheap , but not that expensive either .	Price
Had 1 appetizer , 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$ 55.00 , not including tip .	Food Price
Would recommend this place as a good date spot if you do n't want to drop a ton of cash .	Miscellaneous
Oh , and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough- yummy !	Food
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .	Miscellaneous
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .	Food
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .	Food
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .	Staff Ambience
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .	Price
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .	Food Price
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .	Price
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation .	Staff
service was efficient courteous .	Staff
two of us got the lobster roll ( $ 24 ) while the other two opted for the codfish ( w pea risotto in a carrot reduction ) ( $ 21 ) . the bread on the roll was soft and buttery . the lobster salad was fresh-tasting , but they couldve been a little more generous with the meat . the bay fries were well-seasoned and came with vinegar for dipping ( ketchup available ) . the codfish was decent and fresh ( the reduction was especially interesting ) , but i found the white flesh slightly bland , though the skin was seasoned to perfection .	Food
in an effort to increase turnover , the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse .	Staff
overall , a solid restaurant and at less than $ 40pp ( including wine ) , a solid deal as well .	Miscellaneous
I have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn .	Anecdotes
Finally , after all the raving I went to check it out with one of my enthusiastic friends this last Saturday night and let me tell you its all its cracked up to be .	Anecdotes
We started with lox and mussels ( the best ive ever had , ever ) and had the cod and trout for dinner .	Food
All of it was simply amazing , unique and tasty and best of all it did n't break the bank .	Food Price
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality .	Staff
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed .	Staff Ambience
All in all a wonderful experience , ca n't wait to come back .	Miscellaneous
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets , and Joya is the best .	Anecdotes Miscellaneous
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .	Food Miscellaneous
Also very ine x pensive .	Price
A great choice at any cost and a great deal .	Price Miscellaneous
I do n't know about you guys , but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere .	Miscellaneous
I 'm just reading some of these reviews and its nonsense that people are reviewing some places because it was too loud .	Miscellaneous
Please ... are you saying that the food is bad but I 'll go back there because the atmosphere was good .	Miscellaneous
No you 're going to go back because the food was good .	Miscellaneous
So all I 'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I 've ever been to .	Food Miscellaneous
The best Chicken pad tai , I 've ever had .	Food
And forget what you read under me , the atmosphere is n't that bad either .	Ambience
I 've been to Joya twice and I will never go again .	Miscellaneous
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table ( even though we had reservations ) .	Staff
It is LOUD , HOT and DARK.	Ambience
You can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation .	Ambience
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something ( although they dont forget to charge you for it .	Ambience
I HATE HATE HATE this place .	Miscellaneous
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere .	Ambience
Now it 's so crowded and loud you ca n't even talk to the person next to you .	Ambience
And everytime I go there 's a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front .	Ambience
Get it together .	Miscellaneous
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I 'd go out in Manhattan .	Miscellaneous
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table .	Anecdotes
However , I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling .	Anecdotes
Then we saw another ...and another ...and the place was really overrun with them .	Anecdotes
I 've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place ( except in a really bad dream ) .	Anecdotes
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but were n't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected .	Staff
As much as I like the food there , I ca n't bring myself to go back .	Miscellaneous
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .	Anecdotes
The food is authentic Italian - delicious !	Food
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .	Food
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .	Staff Ambience
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza ( as I love La Pizza Fresca ) .	Anecdotes
Was surprisingly disappointed .	Anecdotes
Pizza was a little soggy .	Food
Ravioli was good ...but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced .	Food Price
Not enough wines by the glass either .	Food
Service , however , was excellent ...and I liked the setting a lot .	Staff Ambience
Food was just average ...if they lowered the prices just a bit , it would be a bigger draw .	Food Price
Eating at Ottimo is like eating in Chef Salvatore Esposito 's home .	Miscellaneous
When he 's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms , he 's visiting the regulars ( a growing legion ) and checking on newcomers .	Staff
For years , I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best , but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit .	Food
His wife Tan ya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .	Staff
Great wine list , reasonably priced.--Sara	Food Price
Hart	Miscellaneous
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .	Anecdotes
A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .	Staff
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not Mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .	Staff Anecdotes
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .	Staff Ambience
Never again !	Miscellaneous
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff .	Staff Miscellaneous
The prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .	Price
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly .	Food Staff
I recommend their Pad See Ew , Pork Chops or Tofu plates .	Food
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it 's in the West Village .	Price Ambience
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner .	Ambience
Everyone I bring here always loves it .	Anecdotes
We always get a sampling of appetizers and share .	Anecdotes
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table .	Staff
We go often .	Miscellaneous
The food is nothing like its menu description .	Food
The curry chicken I ordered was way too oily and bland ; I hardly tasted any curry or coconut , which they said it contained .	Food
It 's like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it ( the sauce was translucent and red ) .	Food
My friend 's food was also the complete opposite of what it 's supposed to taste like ( aND look like ) .	Food
Anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment .	Miscellaneous
Stay away from this place .	Miscellaneous
All the money went into the interior decoration , none of it went to the chefs .	Miscellaneous
The lunch special is an asbolute steal .	Price
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things ( the heavy , black , antique-seeming teapot , for one ) in the restaurant experience .	Staff Miscellaneous
After reading the good reviews of this restaurant , I decided to give it a try with two friends .	Anecdotes
Similar to other Indian restaurants , they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door .	Miscellaneous
However , once we sat down , they only gave us their regular menu.	Staff Anecdotes
They did n't give us the dinner special until we asked for it .	Staff Anecdotes
Maybe it was just an unintentional mistake but I 've experienced the same with other restaurants so I do n't appreciate such practice .	Anecdotes
Food is average , and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi 's tastes better .	Food
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date .	Ambience
I would n't mind going back some time , but not before trying others nearby .	Miscellaneous
I have tried literally every restaurant on curry row .	Anecdotes
Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food .	Food Price
a friend and I went there for dinner one sunday and were pleasantly surprised ( as she had embaked on the quest to try all the reastaurants with me . ) the waiters work together to serve you quickly without making you feel rushed . the food is spicy by nature ..l .	Food Staff
BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice .	Food
our entire experience was nice , adn though we got the $ 7.95 special , we got unlimited papadam and tea( even free beer ) just by asking .	Price Miscellaneous
we did notice however , that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan .	Staff
if this happens , just ask for real naan .	Miscellaneous
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods , indian included , i made friends with this place long ago .	Anecdotes
and never strayed .	Miscellaneous
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st , taj mahal is also very comparable , in food quality , to the much overpraised ( and underdeserving ) baluchi 's .	Miscellaneous
at taj , vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven .	Food
carnivores too , can sample succulent tikka masala and all the tandoori dishes ...yummy !	Food
I 've been eating at Taj Mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the Indian eateries on this block of Indian restaurants .	Anecdotes Miscellaneous
My first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend .	Anecdotes
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street .	Anecdotes
Wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment .	Anecdotes
As there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats ,except at Taj Mahal .	Anecdotes
This is where the aforementioned line was .	Anecdotes
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter .	Anecdotes
Long story shortened ... the food was plentifuland ine x pensive .	Food Price
For two people with tip was less than $ 25 bucks .	Price
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .	Food Staff
Immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .	Staff Anecdotes
There are other people waiting !	Staff Anecdotes
We were n't even at our table for more than an hour total .	Anecdotes
As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .	Anecdotes
Our friends have not arrived yet .	Anecdotes
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary !	Anecdotes
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !	Miscellaneous
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .	Food
I would recommend Roxy 's for that , but not for their food .	Food Miscellaneous
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were hug e !	Food
But , they were too big for the bun .	Food
Consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did 'nt feel like finishing them .	Food Anecdotes
Also they were $ 15 each !	Price
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .	Food
It was $ 14 not really bad for a pound of Pastrami-but it did n't have much taste-I 've had better for less elsewher e !	Food Price
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and would n't miss roxy ,s food is expensive but it 's new york !	Price Anecdotes
people are rude bit again it 's new york !	Staff
get over it !	Miscellaneous
great food , lt 's of it , more then one person can eat !	Food
Imagine being at the worse deli in the world ....located where it all starte d ! !	Miscellaneous
The bagel was actually STALE ! ! ! A sandwhich is literally $ 20 and has the worst meat you 've ever tasted .	Food Price
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food .	Anecdotes
brian	Miscellaneous
I have never eaten in the restaurant , however , upon reading the reviews I got take out last week .	Anecdotes
IT WAS HORRIBLE.	Miscellaneous
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !	Food
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .	Food
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst .	Miscellaneous
No , really .	Miscellaneous
I have eaten a lot of pizza here .	Anecdotes
La Rosa waltzes in , and I think they are doing it the best .	Miscellaneous
The pizza was really good .	Food
Although , one night we went it was super cheesy , and another night it was less cheesy .	Food Anecdotes
So , a little inconsistency there but either way , both pizzas were really good .	Food
And affordable .	Price
A great addition to Smith Street : finally , a place that 's not pretentious and filled with women wearing Ugg boots .	Miscellaneous
Oh and it 's too tiny for families with strollers .	Miscellaneous
Leave the kids at home !	Miscellaneous
( La Rosa is connected by a swinging door to the Mexican restaurant Pacifico ) .	Miscellaneous
Another welcome addition to the neighborhood .	Miscellaneous
If we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .	Miscellaneous
We 've lived in the area for more than 8 years .	Anecdotes
The restaurant is cute but not ups cale .	Miscellaneous
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .	Food
I would highly recommend it .	Miscellaneous
It 's one of our favorite places to eat in NY.	Miscellaneous
I hate this .	Miscellaneous
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food .	Food Staff
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza , sorry - not the best in NYC .	Food Staff
Again , if you are in this neighborhood - by all means , come here .	Miscellaneous
However , it 's not worth a special trip .	Miscellaneous
It 's just O. K. pizza .	Food
So sorry I ca n't rate this better .	Miscellaneous
This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing .	Food
When you enter , you feel like you have entered your mom 's kitchen .	Ambience
The service was superb , they treat you like family .	Staff
I would highly recommend Nina 's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .	Miscellaneous
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience ! ! !	Miscellaneous
We were on our way back to NJ , and since I am in NY , we figured why not grab some food ?	Anecdotes
We parked on the block of Nina 's the place looked nice , with people obviously enjoying their pizzas .	Anecdotes
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .	Food
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh .	Food
We would return to this place again !	Miscellaneous
You cannot go wrong with this place .	Miscellaneous
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .	Food Staff
Always a nice crowd , but never loud .	Ambience
Go here .	Miscellaneous
Good for dates or with friends .	Miscellaneous
Horrible .	Miscellaneous
We were seated and ignored by waits taff .	Staff
Restaurant was dirty and unkempt .	Staff Ambience
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar .	Staff
When he finally did , he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- could n't find tonic .	Staff
Chance is a joke .	Miscellaneous
Avoid at all costs .	Miscellaneous
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend .	Anecdotes
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .	Food
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .	Food
My friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good ...not outstanding , but good .	Food
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .	Ambience
Overall , excellent restaurant !	Miscellaneous
This lovely French-Asian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on Smith Street .	Miscellaneous
We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly .	Staff Anecdotes
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .	Food Staff
And they provided a delicious dessert on the hous e !	Food Price
Definitely not a restaurant to skip !	Miscellaneous
Chance is a small cozy restaurant , with a romantic feel to it , the decor is great .	Ambience
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .	Ambience
But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .	Food Staff
I had the mango chicken and i ca n't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful .	Food
Please if your thinking about it go , and stay the wait you wo n't be disappointed .	Miscellaneous
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course ...	Anecdotes
The only thing I could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table .	Anecdotes
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .	Staff
At $ 30 dollars for a dinner for one ... you 'd be better off going somewhere else .	Price Miscellaneous
Everytime my husband and I go there , we are never disappointed .	Miscellaneous
The wine is always good , the tapas are always yummy , especially with the warm pita bread .	Food
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and ca n't wait to try the fondue or table grilling .	Food
If you are going out with friends and want some apps and wine and great service then you have to try this place .	Miscellaneous
I loved this place ! !	Miscellaneous
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .	Ambience
The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .	Food Ambience
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .	Staff
They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .	Staff
Also , the sandwiches ( n earing $ 7 ) did n't come with anything like chips or a side .	Price
Overall , not worth the money .	Price
Eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .	Miscellaneous
Took my sister here before attending a show one evening .	Anecdotes
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .	Ambience
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue .	Food Anecdotes
Will have to return to try the chocolate !	Miscellaneous
I love the tongue sandwiches , grilled hotdogs potato latkes w apple sauce .	Food
But do n't ever order bacon late at nite ( either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place ) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .	Food
otherwise , good stuff for late nite eats .	Food
black white shakes came out good also .	Food
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective !	Price
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion ( and price ) .	Food Price
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent , much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square .	Food
The menu has lots of options : I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes .	Food
Lunch came with pickels and slaw , no extra charge .	Food Price
It seems like this is a place the locals like and the people working here liked it too .	Miscellaneous
Late nite omelletes are not good here , there is no variety !	Food
They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant .	Food
They used shredded cheese on top !	Food
I will not be coming here at 3am again .	Miscellaneous
Nice place though .	Miscellaneous
Was there Friday night .	Anecdotes
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .	Food
And I 've been to many NYC delis .	Anecdotes
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .	Food
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .	Price
